# AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Schemas** | [**[]EnumdebugAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn**](EnumdebugAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn.md) |  | 
**SuppressReplicationOperations** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed. | [optional] 
**LogSecurityNegotiation** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed. | [optional] 
**LogAssuranceCompleted** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the result of replication assurance processing. | [optional] 
**LogSearchEntries** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about search result entries sent to the client. | [optional] 
**LogSearchReferences** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about search result references sent to the client. | [optional] 
**LogFile** | **string** | The file name to use for the log files generated by the Debug Access Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path. | 
**LogFilePermissions** | Pointer to **string** | The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this Debug Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**RotationPolicy** | Pointer to **[]string** | The rotation policy to use for the Debug Access Log Publisher . | [optional] 
**RotationListener** | Pointer to **[]string** | A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service. | [optional] 
**RetentionPolicy** | Pointer to **[]string** | The retention policy to use for the Debug Access Log Publisher . | [optional] 
**CompressionMechanism** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp**](EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**SignLog** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner. | [optional] 
**EncryptLog** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users. | [optional] 
**EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server&#39;s preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The \&quot;encryption-settings list\&quot; command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server. | [optional] 
**Append** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether to append to existing log files. | [optional] 
**ObscureSensitiveContent** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the resulting log file should attempt to obscure content that may be considered sensitive. This primarily includes the credentials for bind requests, the values of password modify extended requests and responses, and the values of any attributes specified in the obscure-attribute property. Note that the use of this option does not guarantee no sensitive information will be exposed, so the log output should still be carefully guarded. | [optional] 
**ObscureAttribute** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the names of any attribute types that should have their values obscured if the obscure-sensitive-content property has a value of true. | [optional] 
**DebugACIEnabled** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include debugging information about ACIs being used by the operations being logged. | [optional] 
**Asynchronous** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the Debug Access Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously. | [optional] 
**AutoFlush** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record. | [optional] 
**BufferSize** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the log file buffer size. | [optional] 
**QueueSize** | Pointer to **int64** | The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue. | [optional] 
**TimeInterval** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated. | [optional] 
**LogConnects** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about connections established to the server. | [optional] 
**LogDisconnects** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about connections that have been closed by the client or terminated by the server. | [optional] 
**LogClientCertificates** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about any client certificates presented to the server. | [optional] 
**LogRequests** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about requests received from clients. | [optional] 
**LogResults** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the results of client requests. | [optional] 
**LogIntermediateResponses** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client. | [optional] 
**SuppressInternalOperations** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users. | [optional] 
**CorrelateRequestsAndResults** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to automatically log result messages for any operation in which the corresponding request was logged. In such cases, the result, entry, and reference criteria will be ignored, although the log-responses, log-search-entries, and log-search-references properties will be honored. | [optional] 
**ConnectionCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged. | [optional] 
**RequestCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**ResultCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**SearchEntryCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of search entry criteria that must match the associated search result entry in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**SearchReferenceCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of search reference criteria that must match the associated search result reference in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | A description for this Log Publisher | [optional] 
**Enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use. | 
**LoggingErrorBehavior** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp**](EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**PublisherName** | **string** | Name of the new Log Publisher | 

## Methods

### NewAddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest

`func NewAddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest(schemas []EnumdebugAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn, logFile string, enabled bool, publisherName string, ) *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest`

NewAddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest instantiates a new AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequestWithDefaults

`func NewAddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequestWithDefaults() *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest`

NewAddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSchemas

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSchemas() []EnumdebugAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn`

GetSchemas returns the Schemas field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSchemasOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSchemasOk() (*[]EnumdebugAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn, bool)`

GetSchemasOk returns a tuple with the Schemas field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSchemas

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetSchemas(v []EnumdebugAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn)`

SetSchemas sets Schemas field to given value.


### GetSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSuppressReplicationOperations() bool`

GetSuppressReplicationOperations returns the SuppressReplicationOperations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk returns a tuple with the SuppressReplicationOperations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetSuppressReplicationOperations(v bool)`

SetSuppressReplicationOperations sets SuppressReplicationOperations field to given value.

### HasSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasSuppressReplicationOperations() bool`

HasSuppressReplicationOperations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogSecurityNegotiation() bool`

GetLogSecurityNegotiation returns the LogSecurityNegotiation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk returns a tuple with the LogSecurityNegotiation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogSecurityNegotiation(v bool)`

SetLogSecurityNegotiation sets LogSecurityNegotiation field to given value.

### HasLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogSecurityNegotiation() bool`

HasLogSecurityNegotiation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogAssuranceCompleted() bool`

GetLogAssuranceCompleted returns the LogAssuranceCompleted field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk returns a tuple with the LogAssuranceCompleted field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogAssuranceCompleted(v bool)`

SetLogAssuranceCompleted sets LogAssuranceCompleted field to given value.

### HasLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogAssuranceCompleted() bool`

HasLogAssuranceCompleted returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSearchEntries

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogSearchEntries() bool`

GetLogSearchEntries returns the LogSearchEntries field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSearchEntriesOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogSearchEntriesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSearchEntriesOk returns a tuple with the LogSearchEntries field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSearchEntries

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogSearchEntries(v bool)`

SetLogSearchEntries sets LogSearchEntries field to given value.

### HasLogSearchEntries

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogSearchEntries() bool`

HasLogSearchEntries returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSearchReferences

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogSearchReferences() bool`

GetLogSearchReferences returns the LogSearchReferences field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSearchReferencesOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogSearchReferencesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSearchReferencesOk returns a tuple with the LogSearchReferences field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSearchReferences

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogSearchReferences(v bool)`

SetLogSearchReferences sets LogSearchReferences field to given value.

### HasLogSearchReferences

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogSearchReferences() bool`

HasLogSearchReferences returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogFile

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogFile() string`

GetLogFile returns the LogFile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFileOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogFileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFileOk returns a tuple with the LogFile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFile

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogFile(v string)`

SetLogFile sets LogFile field to given value.


### GetLogFilePermissions

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogFilePermissions() string`

GetLogFilePermissions returns the LogFilePermissions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFilePermissionsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogFilePermissionsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFilePermissionsOk returns a tuple with the LogFilePermissions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFilePermissions

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogFilePermissions(v string)`

SetLogFilePermissions sets LogFilePermissions field to given value.

### HasLogFilePermissions

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogFilePermissions() bool`

HasLogFilePermissions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRotationPolicy

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRotationPolicy() []string`

GetRotationPolicy returns the RotationPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRotationPolicyOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRotationPolicyOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRotationPolicyOk returns a tuple with the RotationPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRotationPolicy

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetRotationPolicy(v []string)`

SetRotationPolicy sets RotationPolicy field to given value.

### HasRotationPolicy

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasRotationPolicy() bool`

HasRotationPolicy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRotationListener

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRotationListener() []string`

GetRotationListener returns the RotationListener field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRotationListenerOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRotationListenerOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRotationListenerOk returns a tuple with the RotationListener field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRotationListener

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetRotationListener(v []string)`

SetRotationListener sets RotationListener field to given value.

### HasRotationListener

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasRotationListener() bool`

HasRotationListener returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetentionPolicy

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRetentionPolicy() []string`

GetRetentionPolicy returns the RetentionPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetentionPolicyOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRetentionPolicyOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRetentionPolicyOk returns a tuple with the RetentionPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetentionPolicy

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetRetentionPolicy(v []string)`

SetRetentionPolicy sets RetentionPolicy field to given value.

### HasRetentionPolicy

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasRetentionPolicy() bool`

HasRetentionPolicy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCompressionMechanism

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetCompressionMechanism() EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp`

GetCompressionMechanism returns the CompressionMechanism field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompressionMechanismOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetCompressionMechanismOk() (*EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp, bool)`

GetCompressionMechanismOk returns a tuple with the CompressionMechanism field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompressionMechanism

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetCompressionMechanism(v EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp)`

SetCompressionMechanism sets CompressionMechanism field to given value.

### HasCompressionMechanism

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasCompressionMechanism() bool`

HasCompressionMechanism returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignLog

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSignLog() bool`

GetSignLog returns the SignLog field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignLogOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSignLogOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSignLogOk returns a tuple with the SignLog field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignLog

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetSignLog(v bool)`

SetSignLog sets SignLog field to given value.

### HasSignLog

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasSignLog() bool`

HasSignLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptLog

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetEncryptLog() bool`

GetEncryptLog returns the EncryptLog field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptLogOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetEncryptLogOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEncryptLogOk returns a tuple with the EncryptLog field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptLog

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetEncryptLog(v bool)`

SetEncryptLog sets EncryptLog field to given value.

### HasEncryptLog

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasEncryptLog() bool`

HasEncryptLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID() string`

GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID returns the EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk returns a tuple with the EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID(v string)`

SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID sets EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field to given value.

### HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID() bool`

HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppend

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetAppend() bool`

GetAppend returns the Append field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppendOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetAppendOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAppendOk returns a tuple with the Append field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppend

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetAppend(v bool)`

SetAppend sets Append field to given value.

### HasAppend

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasAppend() bool`

HasAppend returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObscureSensitiveContent

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetObscureSensitiveContent() bool`

GetObscureSensitiveContent returns the ObscureSensitiveContent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObscureSensitiveContentOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetObscureSensitiveContentOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetObscureSensitiveContentOk returns a tuple with the ObscureSensitiveContent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObscureSensitiveContent

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetObscureSensitiveContent(v bool)`

SetObscureSensitiveContent sets ObscureSensitiveContent field to given value.

### HasObscureSensitiveContent

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasObscureSensitiveContent() bool`

HasObscureSensitiveContent returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObscureAttribute

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetObscureAttribute() []string`

GetObscureAttribute returns the ObscureAttribute field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObscureAttributeOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetObscureAttributeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetObscureAttributeOk returns a tuple with the ObscureAttribute field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObscureAttribute

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetObscureAttribute(v []string)`

SetObscureAttribute sets ObscureAttribute field to given value.

### HasObscureAttribute

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasObscureAttribute() bool`

HasObscureAttribute returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDebugACIEnabled

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetDebugACIEnabled() bool`

GetDebugACIEnabled returns the DebugACIEnabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDebugACIEnabledOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetDebugACIEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDebugACIEnabledOk returns a tuple with the DebugACIEnabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDebugACIEnabled

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetDebugACIEnabled(v bool)`

SetDebugACIEnabled sets DebugACIEnabled field to given value.

### HasDebugACIEnabled

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasDebugACIEnabled() bool`

HasDebugACIEnabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAsynchronous

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetAsynchronous() bool`

GetAsynchronous returns the Asynchronous field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAsynchronousOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetAsynchronousOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAsynchronousOk returns a tuple with the Asynchronous field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAsynchronous

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetAsynchronous(v bool)`

SetAsynchronous sets Asynchronous field to given value.

### HasAsynchronous

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasAsynchronous() bool`

HasAsynchronous returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoFlush

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetAutoFlush() bool`

GetAutoFlush returns the AutoFlush field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoFlushOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetAutoFlushOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoFlushOk returns a tuple with the AutoFlush field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoFlush

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetAutoFlush(v bool)`

SetAutoFlush sets AutoFlush field to given value.

### HasAutoFlush

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasAutoFlush() bool`

HasAutoFlush returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBufferSize

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetBufferSize() string`

GetBufferSize returns the BufferSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBufferSizeOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetBufferSizeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBufferSizeOk returns a tuple with the BufferSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBufferSize

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetBufferSize(v string)`

SetBufferSize sets BufferSize field to given value.

### HasBufferSize

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasBufferSize() bool`

HasBufferSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQueueSize

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetQueueSize() int64`

GetQueueSize returns the QueueSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueueSizeOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetQueueSizeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetQueueSizeOk returns a tuple with the QueueSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQueueSize

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetQueueSize(v int64)`

SetQueueSize sets QueueSize field to given value.

### HasQueueSize

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasQueueSize() bool`

HasQueueSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimeInterval

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetTimeInterval() string`

GetTimeInterval returns the TimeInterval field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeIntervalOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetTimeIntervalOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimeIntervalOk returns a tuple with the TimeInterval field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeInterval

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetTimeInterval(v string)`

SetTimeInterval sets TimeInterval field to given value.

### HasTimeInterval

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasTimeInterval() bool`

HasTimeInterval returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogConnects

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogConnects() bool`

GetLogConnects returns the LogConnects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogConnectsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogConnectsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogConnectsOk returns a tuple with the LogConnects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogConnects

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogConnects(v bool)`

SetLogConnects sets LogConnects field to given value.

### HasLogConnects

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogConnects() bool`

HasLogConnects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogDisconnects

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogDisconnects() bool`

GetLogDisconnects returns the LogDisconnects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogDisconnectsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogDisconnectsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogDisconnectsOk returns a tuple with the LogDisconnects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogDisconnects

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogDisconnects(v bool)`

SetLogDisconnects sets LogDisconnects field to given value.

### HasLogDisconnects

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogDisconnects() bool`

HasLogDisconnects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogClientCertificates

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogClientCertificates() bool`

GetLogClientCertificates returns the LogClientCertificates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogClientCertificatesOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogClientCertificatesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogClientCertificatesOk returns a tuple with the LogClientCertificates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogClientCertificates

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogClientCertificates(v bool)`

SetLogClientCertificates sets LogClientCertificates field to given value.

### HasLogClientCertificates

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogClientCertificates() bool`

HasLogClientCertificates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequests

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogRequests() bool`

GetLogRequests returns the LogRequests field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogRequestsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRequestsOk returns a tuple with the LogRequests field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequests

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogRequests(v bool)`

SetLogRequests sets LogRequests field to given value.

### HasLogRequests

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogRequests() bool`

HasLogRequests returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogResults

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogResults() bool`

GetLogResults returns the LogResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogResultsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogResultsOk returns a tuple with the LogResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogResults

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogResults(v bool)`

SetLogResults sets LogResults field to given value.

### HasLogResults

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogResults() bool`

HasLogResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogIntermediateResponses() bool`

GetLogIntermediateResponses returns the LogIntermediateResponses field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk returns a tuple with the LogIntermediateResponses field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLogIntermediateResponses(v bool)`

SetLogIntermediateResponses sets LogIntermediateResponses field to given value.

### HasLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLogIntermediateResponses() bool`

HasLogIntermediateResponses returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSuppressInternalOperations() bool`

GetSuppressInternalOperations returns the SuppressInternalOperations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk returns a tuple with the SuppressInternalOperations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetSuppressInternalOperations(v bool)`

SetSuppressInternalOperations sets SuppressInternalOperations field to given value.

### HasSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasSuppressInternalOperations() bool`

HasSuppressInternalOperations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults() bool`

GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults returns the CorrelateRequestsAndResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk returns a tuple with the CorrelateRequestsAndResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults(v bool)`

SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults sets CorrelateRequestsAndResults field to given value.

### HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults() bool`

HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConnectionCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetConnectionCriteria() string`

GetConnectionCriteria returns the ConnectionCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionCriteriaOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetConnectionCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectionCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetConnectionCriteria(v string)`

SetConnectionCriteria sets ConnectionCriteria field to given value.

### HasConnectionCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasConnectionCriteria() bool`

HasConnectionCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRequestCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRequestCriteria() string`

GetRequestCriteria returns the RequestCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestCriteriaOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetRequestCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRequestCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the RequestCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetRequestCriteria(v string)`

SetRequestCriteria sets RequestCriteria field to given value.

### HasRequestCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasRequestCriteria() bool`

HasRequestCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResultCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetResultCriteria() string`

GetResultCriteria returns the ResultCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResultCriteriaOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetResultCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResultCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the ResultCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResultCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetResultCriteria(v string)`

SetResultCriteria sets ResultCriteria field to given value.

### HasResultCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasResultCriteria() bool`

HasResultCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSearchEntryCriteria() string`

GetSearchEntryCriteria returns the SearchEntryCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the SearchEntryCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetSearchEntryCriteria(v string)`

SetSearchEntryCriteria sets SearchEntryCriteria field to given value.

### HasSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasSearchEntryCriteria() bool`

HasSearchEntryCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSearchReferenceCriteria() string`

GetSearchReferenceCriteria returns the SearchReferenceCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the SearchReferenceCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetSearchReferenceCriteria(v string)`

SetSearchReferenceCriteria sets SearchReferenceCriteria field to given value.

### HasSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasSearchReferenceCriteria() bool`

HasSearchReferenceCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.


### GetLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLoggingErrorBehavior() EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp`

GetLoggingErrorBehavior returns the LoggingErrorBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk() (*EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp, bool)`

GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the LoggingErrorBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetLoggingErrorBehavior(v EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp)`

SetLoggingErrorBehavior sets LoggingErrorBehavior field to given value.

### HasLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) HasLoggingErrorBehavior() bool`

HasLoggingErrorBehavior returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPublisherName

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetPublisherName() string`

GetPublisherName returns the PublisherName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPublisherNameOk

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) GetPublisherNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPublisherNameOk returns a tuple with the PublisherName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPublisherName

`func (o *AddDebugAccessLogPublisherRequest) SetPublisherName(v string)`

SetPublisherName sets PublisherName field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


