# FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Name of the Log Publisher | 
**Schemas** | [**[]EnumfileBasedAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn**](EnumfileBasedAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn.md) |  | 
**LogFile** | **string** | The file name to use for the log files generated by the File Based Access Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path. | 
**LogFilePermissions** | **string** | The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this File Based Access Log Publisher. | 
**RotationPolicy** | **[]string** | The rotation policy to use for the File Based Access Log Publisher . | 
**RotationListener** | Pointer to **[]string** | A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service. | [optional] 
**RetentionPolicy** | **[]string** | The retention policy to use for the File Based Access Log Publisher . | 
**CompressionMechanism** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp**](EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**SignLog** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner. | [optional] 
**EncryptLog** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users. | [optional] 
**EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server&#39;s preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The \&quot;encryption-settings list\&quot; command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server. | [optional] 
**Append** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether to append to existing log files. | [optional] 
**BufferSize** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the log file buffer size. | [optional] 
**TimeInterval** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated. | [optional] 
**TimestampPrecision** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp**](EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**LogConnects** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about connections established to the server. | [optional] 
**LogDisconnects** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about connections that have been closed by the client or terminated by the server. | [optional] 
**LogRequests** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about requests received from clients. | [optional] 
**LogAssuranceCompleted** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the result of replication assurance processing. | [optional] 
**IncludeProductName** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server. | [optional] 
**IncludeInstanceName** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server. | [optional] 
**IncludeStartupID** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted. | [optional] 
**IncludeThreadID** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn&#x3D;JVM Stack Trace,cn&#x3D;monitor entry. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequesterDN** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the DN of the authenticated user for the client connection on which the operation was requested. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequesterIPAddress** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the IP address of the client that requested the operation. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation results should include information about both the request and the result. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search result entries should include information about the associated search request. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search result references should include information about the associated search request. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for intermediate responses should include information about the associated operation request. | [optional] 
**IncludeResultCodeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether result log messages should include human-readable names for result codes in addition to their numeric values. | [optional] 
**IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search requests should include extended information from the request, including the requested size limit, time limit, alias dereferencing behavior, and types only behavior. | [optional] 
**IncludeAddAttributeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for add requests should include a list of the names of the attributes included in the entry to add. | [optional] 
**IncludeModifyAttributeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for modify requests should include a list of the names of the attributes to be modified. | [optional] 
**IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search result entries should include a list of the names of the attributes included in the entry that was returned. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestControls** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the request. | [optional] 
**IncludeResponseControls** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation results should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the result. | [optional] 
**IncludeReplicationChangeID** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the replication change ID. | [optional] 
**GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to use generified version of certain message strings, including diagnostic messages, additional information messages, authentication failure reasons, and disconnect messages. Generified versions of those strings may use placeholders (like %s for a string or %d for an integer) rather than the version of the string with those placeholders replaced with specific values. | [optional] 
**Asynchronous** | **bool** | Indicates whether the Writer Based Access Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously. | 
**AutoFlush** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record. | [optional] 
**MaxStringLength** | Pointer to **int32** | Specifies the maximum number of characters that may be included in any string in a log message before that string is truncated and replaced with a placeholder indicating the number of characters that were omitted. This can help prevent extremely long log messages from being written. | [optional] 
**QueueSize** | Pointer to **int32** | The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue. | [optional] 
**LogFieldBehavior** | Pointer to **string** | The behavior to use for determining which fields to log and whether to transform the values of those fields in any way. | [optional] 
**LogSecurityNegotiation** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed. | [optional] 
**LogClientCertificates** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about any client certificates presented to the server. | [optional] 
**LogResults** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the results of client requests. | [optional] 
**LogSearchEntries** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about search result entries sent to the client. | [optional] 
**LogSearchReferences** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about search result references sent to the client. | [optional] 
**LogIntermediateResponses** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client. | [optional] 
**SuppressInternalOperations** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users. | [optional] 
**SuppressReplicationOperations** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed. | [optional] 
**CorrelateRequestsAndResults** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to automatically log result messages for any operation in which the corresponding request was logged. In such cases, the result, entry, and reference criteria will be ignored, although the log-responses, log-search-entries, and log-search-references properties will be honored. | [optional] 
**ConnectionCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged. | [optional] 
**RequestCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**ResultCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**SearchEntryCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of search entry criteria that must match the associated search result entry in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**SearchReferenceCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of search reference criteria that must match the associated search result reference in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | A description for this Log Publisher | [optional] 
**Enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use. | 
**LoggingErrorBehavior** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp**](EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**Meta** | Pointer to [**MetaMeta**](MetaMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20** | Pointer to [**MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20**](MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewFileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse

`func NewFileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse(id string, schemas []EnumfileBasedAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn, logFile string, logFilePermissions string, rotationPolicy []string, retentionPolicy []string, asynchronous bool, enabled bool, ) *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse`

NewFileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse instantiates a new FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewFileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponseWithDefaults

`func NewFileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponseWithDefaults() *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse`

NewFileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetSchemas

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSchemas() []EnumfileBasedAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn`

GetSchemas returns the Schemas field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSchemasOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSchemasOk() (*[]EnumfileBasedAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn, bool)`

GetSchemasOk returns a tuple with the Schemas field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSchemas

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetSchemas(v []EnumfileBasedAccessLogPublisherSchemaUrn)`

SetSchemas sets Schemas field to given value.


### GetLogFile

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogFile() string`

GetLogFile returns the LogFile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFileOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogFileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFileOk returns a tuple with the LogFile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFile

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogFile(v string)`

SetLogFile sets LogFile field to given value.


### GetLogFilePermissions

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogFilePermissions() string`

GetLogFilePermissions returns the LogFilePermissions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFilePermissionsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogFilePermissionsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFilePermissionsOk returns a tuple with the LogFilePermissions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFilePermissions

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogFilePermissions(v string)`

SetLogFilePermissions sets LogFilePermissions field to given value.


### GetRotationPolicy

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRotationPolicy() []string`

GetRotationPolicy returns the RotationPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRotationPolicyOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRotationPolicyOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRotationPolicyOk returns a tuple with the RotationPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRotationPolicy

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetRotationPolicy(v []string)`

SetRotationPolicy sets RotationPolicy field to given value.


### GetRotationListener

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRotationListener() []string`

GetRotationListener returns the RotationListener field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRotationListenerOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRotationListenerOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRotationListenerOk returns a tuple with the RotationListener field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRotationListener

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetRotationListener(v []string)`

SetRotationListener sets RotationListener field to given value.

### HasRotationListener

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasRotationListener() bool`

HasRotationListener returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetentionPolicy

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRetentionPolicy() []string`

GetRetentionPolicy returns the RetentionPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetentionPolicyOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRetentionPolicyOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRetentionPolicyOk returns a tuple with the RetentionPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetentionPolicy

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetRetentionPolicy(v []string)`

SetRetentionPolicy sets RetentionPolicy field to given value.


### GetCompressionMechanism

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetCompressionMechanism() EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp`

GetCompressionMechanism returns the CompressionMechanism field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompressionMechanismOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetCompressionMechanismOk() (*EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp, bool)`

GetCompressionMechanismOk returns a tuple with the CompressionMechanism field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompressionMechanism

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetCompressionMechanism(v EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp)`

SetCompressionMechanism sets CompressionMechanism field to given value.

### HasCompressionMechanism

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasCompressionMechanism() bool`

HasCompressionMechanism returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignLog

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSignLog() bool`

GetSignLog returns the SignLog field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignLogOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSignLogOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSignLogOk returns a tuple with the SignLog field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignLog

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetSignLog(v bool)`

SetSignLog sets SignLog field to given value.

### HasSignLog

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasSignLog() bool`

HasSignLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptLog

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetEncryptLog() bool`

GetEncryptLog returns the EncryptLog field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptLogOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetEncryptLogOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEncryptLogOk returns a tuple with the EncryptLog field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptLog

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetEncryptLog(v bool)`

SetEncryptLog sets EncryptLog field to given value.

### HasEncryptLog

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasEncryptLog() bool`

HasEncryptLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID() string`

GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID returns the EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk returns a tuple with the EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID(v string)`

SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID sets EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field to given value.

### HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID() bool`

HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppend

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetAppend() bool`

GetAppend returns the Append field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppendOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetAppendOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAppendOk returns a tuple with the Append field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppend

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetAppend(v bool)`

SetAppend sets Append field to given value.

### HasAppend

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasAppend() bool`

HasAppend returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBufferSize

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetBufferSize() string`

GetBufferSize returns the BufferSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBufferSizeOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetBufferSizeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBufferSizeOk returns a tuple with the BufferSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBufferSize

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetBufferSize(v string)`

SetBufferSize sets BufferSize field to given value.

### HasBufferSize

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasBufferSize() bool`

HasBufferSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimeInterval

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetTimeInterval() string`

GetTimeInterval returns the TimeInterval field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeIntervalOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetTimeIntervalOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimeIntervalOk returns a tuple with the TimeInterval field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeInterval

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetTimeInterval(v string)`

SetTimeInterval sets TimeInterval field to given value.

### HasTimeInterval

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasTimeInterval() bool`

HasTimeInterval returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimestampPrecision

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetTimestampPrecision() EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp`

GetTimestampPrecision returns the TimestampPrecision field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimestampPrecisionOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetTimestampPrecisionOk() (*EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp, bool)`

GetTimestampPrecisionOk returns a tuple with the TimestampPrecision field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimestampPrecision

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetTimestampPrecision(v EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp)`

SetTimestampPrecision sets TimestampPrecision field to given value.

### HasTimestampPrecision

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasTimestampPrecision() bool`

HasTimestampPrecision returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogConnects

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogConnects() bool`

GetLogConnects returns the LogConnects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogConnectsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogConnectsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogConnectsOk returns a tuple with the LogConnects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogConnects

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogConnects(v bool)`

SetLogConnects sets LogConnects field to given value.

### HasLogConnects

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogConnects() bool`

HasLogConnects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogDisconnects

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogDisconnects() bool`

GetLogDisconnects returns the LogDisconnects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogDisconnectsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogDisconnectsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogDisconnectsOk returns a tuple with the LogDisconnects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogDisconnects

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogDisconnects(v bool)`

SetLogDisconnects sets LogDisconnects field to given value.

### HasLogDisconnects

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogDisconnects() bool`

HasLogDisconnects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequests

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogRequests() bool`

GetLogRequests returns the LogRequests field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogRequestsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRequestsOk returns a tuple with the LogRequests field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequests

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogRequests(v bool)`

SetLogRequests sets LogRequests field to given value.

### HasLogRequests

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogRequests() bool`

HasLogRequests returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogAssuranceCompleted() bool`

GetLogAssuranceCompleted returns the LogAssuranceCompleted field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk returns a tuple with the LogAssuranceCompleted field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogAssuranceCompleted(v bool)`

SetLogAssuranceCompleted sets LogAssuranceCompleted field to given value.

### HasLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogAssuranceCompleted() bool`

HasLogAssuranceCompleted returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeProductName

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeProductName() bool`

GetIncludeProductName returns the IncludeProductName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeProductNameOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeProductNameOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeProductNameOk returns a tuple with the IncludeProductName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeProductName

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeProductName(v bool)`

SetIncludeProductName sets IncludeProductName field to given value.

### HasIncludeProductName

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeProductName() bool`

HasIncludeProductName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeInstanceName

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeInstanceName() bool`

GetIncludeInstanceName returns the IncludeInstanceName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeInstanceNameOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeInstanceNameOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeInstanceNameOk returns a tuple with the IncludeInstanceName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeInstanceName

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeInstanceName(v bool)`

SetIncludeInstanceName sets IncludeInstanceName field to given value.

### HasIncludeInstanceName

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeInstanceName() bool`

HasIncludeInstanceName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeStartupID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeStartupID() bool`

GetIncludeStartupID returns the IncludeStartupID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeStartupIDOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeStartupIDOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeStartupIDOk returns a tuple with the IncludeStartupID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeStartupID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeStartupID(v bool)`

SetIncludeStartupID sets IncludeStartupID field to given value.

### HasIncludeStartupID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeStartupID() bool`

HasIncludeStartupID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeThreadID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeThreadID() bool`

GetIncludeThreadID returns the IncludeThreadID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeThreadIDOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeThreadIDOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeThreadIDOk returns a tuple with the IncludeThreadID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeThreadID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeThreadID(v bool)`

SetIncludeThreadID sets IncludeThreadID field to given value.

### HasIncludeThreadID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeThreadID() bool`

HasIncludeThreadID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequesterDN

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequesterDN() bool`

GetIncludeRequesterDN returns the IncludeRequesterDN field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequesterDNOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequesterDNOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequesterDNOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequesterDN field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequesterDN

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequesterDN(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequesterDN sets IncludeRequesterDN field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequesterDN

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequesterDN() bool`

HasIncludeRequesterDN returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequesterIPAddress

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequesterIPAddress() bool`

GetIncludeRequesterIPAddress returns the IncludeRequesterIPAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequesterIPAddressOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequesterIPAddressOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequesterIPAddressOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequesterIPAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequesterIPAddress

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequesterIPAddress(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequesterIPAddress sets IncludeRequesterIPAddress field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequesterIPAddress

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequesterIPAddress() bool`

HasIncludeRequesterIPAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessagesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessagesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessagesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessagesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeResultCodeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeResultCodeNames() bool`

GetIncludeResultCodeNames returns the IncludeResultCodeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeResultCodeNamesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeResultCodeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeResultCodeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeResultCodeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeResultCodeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeResultCodeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeResultCodeNames sets IncludeResultCodeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeResultCodeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeResultCodeNames() bool`

HasIncludeResultCodeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails() bool`

GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails returns the IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetailsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetailsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetailsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails(v bool)`

SetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails sets IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails field to given value.

### HasIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails() bool`

HasIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeAddAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeAddAttributeNames() bool`

GetIncludeAddAttributeNames returns the IncludeAddAttributeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeAddAttributeNamesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeAddAttributeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeAddAttributeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeAddAttributeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeAddAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeAddAttributeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeAddAttributeNames sets IncludeAddAttributeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeAddAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeAddAttributeNames() bool`

HasIncludeAddAttributeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeModifyAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeModifyAttributeNames() bool`

GetIncludeModifyAttributeNames returns the IncludeModifyAttributeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeModifyAttributeNamesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeModifyAttributeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeModifyAttributeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeModifyAttributeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeModifyAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeModifyAttributeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeModifyAttributeNames sets IncludeModifyAttributeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeModifyAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeModifyAttributeNames() bool`

HasIncludeModifyAttributeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames() bool`

GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames returns the IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNamesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames sets IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames() bool`

HasIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestControls

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestControls() bool`

GetIncludeRequestControls returns the IncludeRequestControls field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestControlsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeRequestControlsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestControlsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestControls field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestControls

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeRequestControls(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestControls sets IncludeRequestControls field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestControls

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeRequestControls() bool`

HasIncludeRequestControls returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeResponseControls

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeResponseControls() bool`

GetIncludeResponseControls returns the IncludeResponseControls field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeResponseControlsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeResponseControlsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeResponseControlsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeResponseControls field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeResponseControls

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeResponseControls(v bool)`

SetIncludeResponseControls sets IncludeResponseControls field to given value.

### HasIncludeResponseControls

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeResponseControls() bool`

HasIncludeResponseControls returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeReplicationChangeID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeReplicationChangeID() bool`

GetIncludeReplicationChangeID returns the IncludeReplicationChangeID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeReplicationChangeIDOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetIncludeReplicationChangeIDOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeReplicationChangeIDOk returns a tuple with the IncludeReplicationChangeID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeReplicationChangeID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetIncludeReplicationChangeID(v bool)`

SetIncludeReplicationChangeID sets IncludeReplicationChangeID field to given value.

### HasIncludeReplicationChangeID

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasIncludeReplicationChangeID() bool`

HasIncludeReplicationChangeID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible() bool`

GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible returns the GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossibleOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossibleOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossibleOk returns a tuple with the GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible(v bool)`

SetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible sets GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible field to given value.

### HasGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible() bool`

HasGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAsynchronous

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetAsynchronous() bool`

GetAsynchronous returns the Asynchronous field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAsynchronousOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetAsynchronousOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAsynchronousOk returns a tuple with the Asynchronous field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAsynchronous

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetAsynchronous(v bool)`

SetAsynchronous sets Asynchronous field to given value.


### GetAutoFlush

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetAutoFlush() bool`

GetAutoFlush returns the AutoFlush field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoFlushOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetAutoFlushOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoFlushOk returns a tuple with the AutoFlush field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoFlush

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetAutoFlush(v bool)`

SetAutoFlush sets AutoFlush field to given value.

### HasAutoFlush

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasAutoFlush() bool`

HasAutoFlush returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxStringLength

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetMaxStringLength() int32`

GetMaxStringLength returns the MaxStringLength field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxStringLengthOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetMaxStringLengthOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxStringLengthOk returns a tuple with the MaxStringLength field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxStringLength

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetMaxStringLength(v int32)`

SetMaxStringLength sets MaxStringLength field to given value.

### HasMaxStringLength

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasMaxStringLength() bool`

HasMaxStringLength returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQueueSize

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetQueueSize() int32`

GetQueueSize returns the QueueSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueueSizeOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetQueueSizeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetQueueSizeOk returns a tuple with the QueueSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQueueSize

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetQueueSize(v int32)`

SetQueueSize sets QueueSize field to given value.

### HasQueueSize

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasQueueSize() bool`

HasQueueSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogFieldBehavior

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogFieldBehavior() string`

GetLogFieldBehavior returns the LogFieldBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFieldBehaviorOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogFieldBehaviorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFieldBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the LogFieldBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFieldBehavior

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogFieldBehavior(v string)`

SetLogFieldBehavior sets LogFieldBehavior field to given value.

### HasLogFieldBehavior

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogFieldBehavior() bool`

HasLogFieldBehavior returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogSecurityNegotiation() bool`

GetLogSecurityNegotiation returns the LogSecurityNegotiation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk returns a tuple with the LogSecurityNegotiation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogSecurityNegotiation(v bool)`

SetLogSecurityNegotiation sets LogSecurityNegotiation field to given value.

### HasLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogSecurityNegotiation() bool`

HasLogSecurityNegotiation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogClientCertificates

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogClientCertificates() bool`

GetLogClientCertificates returns the LogClientCertificates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogClientCertificatesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogClientCertificatesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogClientCertificatesOk returns a tuple with the LogClientCertificates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogClientCertificates

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogClientCertificates(v bool)`

SetLogClientCertificates sets LogClientCertificates field to given value.

### HasLogClientCertificates

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogClientCertificates() bool`

HasLogClientCertificates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogResults

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogResults() bool`

GetLogResults returns the LogResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogResultsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogResultsOk returns a tuple with the LogResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogResults

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogResults(v bool)`

SetLogResults sets LogResults field to given value.

### HasLogResults

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogResults() bool`

HasLogResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSearchEntries

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogSearchEntries() bool`

GetLogSearchEntries returns the LogSearchEntries field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSearchEntriesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogSearchEntriesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSearchEntriesOk returns a tuple with the LogSearchEntries field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSearchEntries

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogSearchEntries(v bool)`

SetLogSearchEntries sets LogSearchEntries field to given value.

### HasLogSearchEntries

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogSearchEntries() bool`

HasLogSearchEntries returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSearchReferences

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogSearchReferences() bool`

GetLogSearchReferences returns the LogSearchReferences field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSearchReferencesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogSearchReferencesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSearchReferencesOk returns a tuple with the LogSearchReferences field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSearchReferences

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogSearchReferences(v bool)`

SetLogSearchReferences sets LogSearchReferences field to given value.

### HasLogSearchReferences

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogSearchReferences() bool`

HasLogSearchReferences returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogIntermediateResponses() bool`

GetLogIntermediateResponses returns the LogIntermediateResponses field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk returns a tuple with the LogIntermediateResponses field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLogIntermediateResponses(v bool)`

SetLogIntermediateResponses sets LogIntermediateResponses field to given value.

### HasLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLogIntermediateResponses() bool`

HasLogIntermediateResponses returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSuppressInternalOperations() bool`

GetSuppressInternalOperations returns the SuppressInternalOperations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk returns a tuple with the SuppressInternalOperations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetSuppressInternalOperations(v bool)`

SetSuppressInternalOperations sets SuppressInternalOperations field to given value.

### HasSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasSuppressInternalOperations() bool`

HasSuppressInternalOperations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSuppressReplicationOperations() bool`

GetSuppressReplicationOperations returns the SuppressReplicationOperations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk returns a tuple with the SuppressReplicationOperations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetSuppressReplicationOperations(v bool)`

SetSuppressReplicationOperations sets SuppressReplicationOperations field to given value.

### HasSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasSuppressReplicationOperations() bool`

HasSuppressReplicationOperations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults() bool`

GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults returns the CorrelateRequestsAndResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk returns a tuple with the CorrelateRequestsAndResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults(v bool)`

SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults sets CorrelateRequestsAndResults field to given value.

### HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults() bool`

HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConnectionCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetConnectionCriteria() string`

GetConnectionCriteria returns the ConnectionCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionCriteriaOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetConnectionCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectionCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetConnectionCriteria(v string)`

SetConnectionCriteria sets ConnectionCriteria field to given value.

### HasConnectionCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasConnectionCriteria() bool`

HasConnectionCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRequestCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRequestCriteria() string`

GetRequestCriteria returns the RequestCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestCriteriaOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetRequestCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRequestCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the RequestCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetRequestCriteria(v string)`

SetRequestCriteria sets RequestCriteria field to given value.

### HasRequestCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasRequestCriteria() bool`

HasRequestCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResultCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetResultCriteria() string`

GetResultCriteria returns the ResultCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResultCriteriaOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetResultCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResultCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the ResultCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResultCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetResultCriteria(v string)`

SetResultCriteria sets ResultCriteria field to given value.

### HasResultCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasResultCriteria() bool`

HasResultCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSearchEntryCriteria() string`

GetSearchEntryCriteria returns the SearchEntryCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the SearchEntryCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetSearchEntryCriteria(v string)`

SetSearchEntryCriteria sets SearchEntryCriteria field to given value.

### HasSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasSearchEntryCriteria() bool`

HasSearchEntryCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSearchReferenceCriteria() string`

GetSearchReferenceCriteria returns the SearchReferenceCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the SearchReferenceCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetSearchReferenceCriteria(v string)`

SetSearchReferenceCriteria sets SearchReferenceCriteria field to given value.

### HasSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasSearchReferenceCriteria() bool`

HasSearchReferenceCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.


### GetLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLoggingErrorBehavior() EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp`

GetLoggingErrorBehavior returns the LoggingErrorBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk() (*EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp, bool)`

GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the LoggingErrorBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetLoggingErrorBehavior(v EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp)`

SetLoggingErrorBehavior sets LoggingErrorBehavior field to given value.

### HasLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasLoggingErrorBehavior() bool`

HasLoggingErrorBehavior returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMeta

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetMeta() MetaMeta`

GetMeta returns the Meta field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetaOk

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetMetaOk() (*MetaMeta, bool)`

GetMetaOk returns a tuple with the Meta field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMeta

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetMeta(v MetaMeta)`

SetMeta sets Meta field to given value.

### HasMeta

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasMeta() bool`

HasMeta returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok() (*MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20, bool)`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok returns a tuple with the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20(v MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20)`

SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 sets Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field to given value.

### HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *FileBasedAccessLogPublisherResponse) HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() bool`

HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


