# GetPasswordValidator200Response

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Name of the Password Validator | 
**Schemas** | [**[]EnumthirdPartyPasswordValidatorSchemaUrn**](EnumthirdPartyPasswordValidatorSchemaUrn.md) |  | 
**CharacterSet** | **[]string** | Specifies a set of characters that should be considered equivalent for the purpose of this password validator. This can be used, for example, to ensure that passwords contain no more than three consecutive digits. | 
**AllowUnclassifiedCharacters** | **bool** | Indicates whether this password validator allows passwords to contain characters outside of any of the user-defined character sets. | 
**MinimumRequiredCharacterSets** | Pointer to **int64** | Specifies the minimum number of character sets that must be represented in a proposed password. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | A description for this Password Validator | [optional] 
**Enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the password validator is enabled for use. | 
**ValidatorRequirementDescription** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a message that can be used to describe the requirements imposed by this password validator to end users. If a value is provided for this property, then it will override any description that may have otherwise been generated by the validator. | [optional] 
**ValidatorFailureMessage** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a message that may be provided to the end user in the event that a proposed password is rejected by this validator. If a value is provided for this property, then it will override any failure message that may have otherwise been generated by the validator. | [optional] 
**Meta** | Pointer to [**MetaMeta**](MetaMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20** | Pointer to [**MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20**](MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20.md) |  | [optional] 
**MinPasswordDifference** | **int64** | Specifies the minimum difference of new and old password. | 
**MatchAttribute** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the name(s) of the attribute(s) whose values should be checked to determine whether they match the provided password. If no values are provided, then the server checks if the proposed password matches the value of any user attribute in the target user&#39;s entry. | [optional] 
**TestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to reject any proposed password that is a substring of a value in one of the match attributes in the target user&#39;s entry. | [optional] 
**TestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to reject any proposed password in which a value in one of the match attributes in the target user&#39;s entry is a substring of that password. | [optional] 
**MinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches** | Pointer to **int64** | The minimum length that an attribute value must have for it to be considered when rejecting passwords that contain the value of another attribute as a substring. | [optional] 
**TestReversedPassword** | **bool** | Indicates whether this password validator is to test the reversed value of the provided password as well as the order in which it was given. | 
**MaxConsecutiveLength** | **int64** | Specifies the maximum number of times that any character can appear consecutively in a password value. | 
**CaseSensitiveValidation** | **bool** | Indicates whether this password validator should treat password characters in a case-sensitive manner. | 
**DictionaryFile** | **string** | Specifies the path to the file containing a list of words that cannot be used as passwords. | 
**IgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to ignore any digits, symbols, or other non-alphabetic characters that may appear at the beginning of a proposed password. | [optional] 
**IgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to ignore any digits, symbols, or other non-alphabetic characters that may appear at the end of a proposed password. | [optional] 
**StripDiacriticalMarks** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to strip characters of any diacritical marks (like accents, cedillas, circumflexes, diaereses, tildes, and umlauts) they may contain. Any characters with a diacritical mark would be replaced with a base version | [optional] 
**AlternativePasswordCharacterMapping** | Pointer to **[]string** | Provides a set of character substitutions that can be applied to the proposed password when checking to see if it is in the provided dictionary. Each mapping should consist of a single character followed by a colon and a list of the alternative characters that may be used in place of that character. | [optional] 
**MaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword** | Pointer to **int64** | The maximum allowed percent of a proposed password that any single dictionary word is allowed to comprise. A value of 100 indicates that a proposed password will only be rejected if the dictionary contains the entire proposed password (after any configured transformations have been applied). | [optional] 
**AssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond** | **string** | The number of password guesses per second that a potential attacker may be expected to make. | 
**MinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace** | **string** | The minimum length of time (using the configured number of password guesses per second) required to exhaust the entire search space for a proposed password in order for that password to be considered acceptable. | 
**AllowNonAsciiCharacters** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether passwords will be allowed to include characters from outside the ASCII character set. | [optional] 
**AllowUnknownCharacters** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether passwords will be allowed to include characters that are not recognized by the JVM&#39;s Unicode support. | [optional] 
**AllowedCharacterType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumpasswordValidatorAllowedCharacterTypeProp**](EnumpasswordValidatorAllowedCharacterTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**ScriptClass** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted Password Validator. | 
**ScriptArgument** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted Password Validator. Each configuration property should be given in the form &#39;name&#x3D;value&#39;. | [optional] 
**PwnedPasswordsBaseURL** | **string** | The base URL for requests used to interact with the Pwned Passwords service. The first five characters of the hexadecimal representation of the unsalted SHA-1 digest of a proposed password will be appended to this base URL to construct the HTTP GET request used to obtain information about potential matches. | 
**HttpProxyExternalServer** | Pointer to **string** | A reference to an HTTP proxy server that should be used for requests sent to the Pwned Passwords service. | [optional] 
**InvokeForAdd** | **bool** | Indicates whether this password validator should be used to validate clear-text passwords provided in LDAP add requests. | 
**InvokeForSelfChange** | **bool** | Indicates whether this password validator should be used to validate clear-text passwords provided by an end user in the course of changing their own password. | 
**InvokeForAdminReset** | **bool** | Indicates whether this password validator should be used to validate clear-text passwords provided by administrators when changing the password for another user. | 
**AcceptPasswordOnServiceError** | **bool** | Indicates whether to accept the proposed password if an error occurs while attempting to interact with the Pwned Passwords service. | 
**KeyManagerProvider** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies which key manager provider should be used to obtain a client certificate to present to the validation server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if communication will not be secured with HTTPS, or if there is no need to present a client certificate to the validation service. | [optional] 
**TrustManagerProvider** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies which trust manager provider should be used to determine whether to trust the certificate presented by the server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if HTTPS communication is not needed, or if the validation service presents a certificate that is trusted by the default JVM configuration (which should be the case for the Pwned Password servers). | [optional] 
**DisallowedCharacters** | Pointer to **string** | A set of characters that will not be allowed anywhere in a password. | [optional] 
**DisallowedLeadingCharacters** | Pointer to **string** | A set of characters that will not be allowed as the first character of the password. | [optional] 
**DisallowedTrailingCharacters** | Pointer to **string** | A set of characters that will not be allowed as the last character of the password. | [optional] 
**MaxPasswordLength** | Pointer to **int64** | Specifies the maximum number of characters that can be included in a proposed password. | [optional] 
**MinPasswordLength** | Pointer to **int64** | Specifies the minimum number of characters that must be included in a proposed password. | [optional] 
**MatchPattern** | **string** | The regular expression to use for this password validator. | 
**MatchBehavior** | [**EnumpasswordValidatorMatchBehaviorProp**](EnumpasswordValidatorMatchBehaviorProp.md) |  | 
**MinUniqueCharacters** | **int64** | Specifies the minimum number of unique characters that a password will be allowed to contain. | 
**ExtensionClass** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party Password Validator. | 
**ExtensionArgument** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party Password Validator. Each configuration property should be given in the form &#39;name&#x3D;value&#39;. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewGetPasswordValidator200Response

`func NewGetPasswordValidator200Response(id string, schemas []EnumthirdPartyPasswordValidatorSchemaUrn, characterSet []string, allowUnclassifiedCharacters bool, enabled bool, minPasswordDifference int64, testReversedPassword bool, maxConsecutiveLength int64, caseSensitiveValidation bool, dictionaryFile string, assumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond string, minimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace string, scriptClass string, pwnedPasswordsBaseURL string, invokeForAdd bool, invokeForSelfChange bool, invokeForAdminReset bool, acceptPasswordOnServiceError bool, matchPattern string, matchBehavior EnumpasswordValidatorMatchBehaviorProp, minUniqueCharacters int64, extensionClass string, ) *GetPasswordValidator200Response`

NewGetPasswordValidator200Response instantiates a new GetPasswordValidator200Response object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewGetPasswordValidator200ResponseWithDefaults

`func NewGetPasswordValidator200ResponseWithDefaults() *GetPasswordValidator200Response`

NewGetPasswordValidator200ResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new GetPasswordValidator200Response object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetSchemas

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetSchemas() []EnumthirdPartyPasswordValidatorSchemaUrn`

GetSchemas returns the Schemas field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSchemasOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetSchemasOk() (*[]EnumthirdPartyPasswordValidatorSchemaUrn, bool)`

GetSchemasOk returns a tuple with the Schemas field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSchemas

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetSchemas(v []EnumthirdPartyPasswordValidatorSchemaUrn)`

SetSchemas sets Schemas field to given value.


### GetCharacterSet

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetCharacterSet() []string`

GetCharacterSet returns the CharacterSet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCharacterSetOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetCharacterSetOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetCharacterSetOk returns a tuple with the CharacterSet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCharacterSet

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetCharacterSet(v []string)`

SetCharacterSet sets CharacterSet field to given value.


### GetAllowUnclassifiedCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowUnclassifiedCharacters() bool`

GetAllowUnclassifiedCharacters returns the AllowUnclassifiedCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllowUnclassifiedCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowUnclassifiedCharactersOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAllowUnclassifiedCharactersOk returns a tuple with the AllowUnclassifiedCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllowUnclassifiedCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAllowUnclassifiedCharacters(v bool)`

SetAllowUnclassifiedCharacters sets AllowUnclassifiedCharacters field to given value.


### GetMinimumRequiredCharacterSets

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinimumRequiredCharacterSets() int64`

GetMinimumRequiredCharacterSets returns the MinimumRequiredCharacterSets field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinimumRequiredCharacterSetsOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinimumRequiredCharacterSetsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMinimumRequiredCharacterSetsOk returns a tuple with the MinimumRequiredCharacterSets field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinimumRequiredCharacterSets

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMinimumRequiredCharacterSets(v int64)`

SetMinimumRequiredCharacterSets sets MinimumRequiredCharacterSets field to given value.

### HasMinimumRequiredCharacterSets

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMinimumRequiredCharacterSets() bool`

HasMinimumRequiredCharacterSets returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.


### GetValidatorRequirementDescription

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetValidatorRequirementDescription() string`

GetValidatorRequirementDescription returns the ValidatorRequirementDescription field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetValidatorRequirementDescriptionOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetValidatorRequirementDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetValidatorRequirementDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the ValidatorRequirementDescription field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetValidatorRequirementDescription

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetValidatorRequirementDescription(v string)`

SetValidatorRequirementDescription sets ValidatorRequirementDescription field to given value.

### HasValidatorRequirementDescription

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasValidatorRequirementDescription() bool`

HasValidatorRequirementDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetValidatorFailureMessage

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetValidatorFailureMessage() string`

GetValidatorFailureMessage returns the ValidatorFailureMessage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetValidatorFailureMessageOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetValidatorFailureMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetValidatorFailureMessageOk returns a tuple with the ValidatorFailureMessage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetValidatorFailureMessage

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetValidatorFailureMessage(v string)`

SetValidatorFailureMessage sets ValidatorFailureMessage field to given value.

### HasValidatorFailureMessage

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasValidatorFailureMessage() bool`

HasValidatorFailureMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMeta

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMeta() MetaMeta`

GetMeta returns the Meta field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetaOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMetaOk() (*MetaMeta, bool)`

GetMetaOk returns a tuple with the Meta field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMeta

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMeta(v MetaMeta)`

SetMeta sets Meta field to given value.

### HasMeta

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMeta() bool`

HasMeta returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok() (*MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20, bool)`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok returns a tuple with the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20(v MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20)`

SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 sets Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field to given value.

### HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() bool`

HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMinPasswordDifference

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinPasswordDifference() int64`

GetMinPasswordDifference returns the MinPasswordDifference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinPasswordDifferenceOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinPasswordDifferenceOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMinPasswordDifferenceOk returns a tuple with the MinPasswordDifference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinPasswordDifference

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMinPasswordDifference(v int64)`

SetMinPasswordDifference sets MinPasswordDifference field to given value.


### GetMatchAttribute

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMatchAttribute() []string`

GetMatchAttribute returns the MatchAttribute field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMatchAttributeOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMatchAttributeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetMatchAttributeOk returns a tuple with the MatchAttribute field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMatchAttribute

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMatchAttribute(v []string)`

SetMatchAttribute sets MatchAttribute field to given value.

### HasMatchAttribute

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMatchAttribute() bool`

HasMatchAttribute returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue() bool`

GetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue returns the TestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValueOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValueOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValueOk returns a tuple with the TestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue(v bool)`

SetTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue sets TestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue field to given value.

### HasTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue() bool`

HasTestPasswordSubstringOfAttributeValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword() bool`

GetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword returns the TestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPasswordOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPasswordOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPasswordOk returns a tuple with the TestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword(v bool)`

SetTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword sets TestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword field to given value.

### HasTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword() bool`

HasTestAttributeValueSubstringOfPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches() int64`

GetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches returns the MinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatchesOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatchesOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatchesOk returns a tuple with the MinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches(v int64)`

SetMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches sets MinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches field to given value.

### HasMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches() bool`

HasMinimumAttributeValueLengthForSubstringMatches returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTestReversedPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTestReversedPassword() bool`

GetTestReversedPassword returns the TestReversedPassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTestReversedPasswordOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTestReversedPasswordOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetTestReversedPasswordOk returns a tuple with the TestReversedPassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTestReversedPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetTestReversedPassword(v bool)`

SetTestReversedPassword sets TestReversedPassword field to given value.


### GetMaxConsecutiveLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMaxConsecutiveLength() int64`

GetMaxConsecutiveLength returns the MaxConsecutiveLength field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxConsecutiveLengthOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMaxConsecutiveLengthOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaxConsecutiveLengthOk returns a tuple with the MaxConsecutiveLength field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxConsecutiveLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMaxConsecutiveLength(v int64)`

SetMaxConsecutiveLength sets MaxConsecutiveLength field to given value.


### GetCaseSensitiveValidation

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetCaseSensitiveValidation() bool`

GetCaseSensitiveValidation returns the CaseSensitiveValidation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCaseSensitiveValidationOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetCaseSensitiveValidationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetCaseSensitiveValidationOk returns a tuple with the CaseSensitiveValidation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCaseSensitiveValidation

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetCaseSensitiveValidation(v bool)`

SetCaseSensitiveValidation sets CaseSensitiveValidation field to given value.


### GetDictionaryFile

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDictionaryFile() string`

GetDictionaryFile returns the DictionaryFile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDictionaryFileOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDictionaryFileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDictionaryFileOk returns a tuple with the DictionaryFile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDictionaryFile

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetDictionaryFile(v string)`

SetDictionaryFile sets DictionaryFile field to given value.


### GetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters() bool`

GetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters returns the IgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharactersOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharactersOk returns a tuple with the IgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters(v bool)`

SetIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters sets IgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters field to given value.

### HasIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters() bool`

HasIgnoreLeadingNonAlphabeticCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters() bool`

GetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters returns the IgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharactersOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharactersOk returns a tuple with the IgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters(v bool)`

SetIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters sets IgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters field to given value.

### HasIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters() bool`

HasIgnoreTrailingNonAlphabeticCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStripDiacriticalMarks

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetStripDiacriticalMarks() bool`

GetStripDiacriticalMarks returns the StripDiacriticalMarks field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStripDiacriticalMarksOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetStripDiacriticalMarksOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetStripDiacriticalMarksOk returns a tuple with the StripDiacriticalMarks field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStripDiacriticalMarks

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetStripDiacriticalMarks(v bool)`

SetStripDiacriticalMarks sets StripDiacriticalMarks field to given value.

### HasStripDiacriticalMarks

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasStripDiacriticalMarks() bool`

HasStripDiacriticalMarks returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping() []string`

GetAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping returns the AlternativePasswordCharacterMapping field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAlternativePasswordCharacterMappingOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAlternativePasswordCharacterMappingOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAlternativePasswordCharacterMappingOk returns a tuple with the AlternativePasswordCharacterMapping field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping(v []string)`

SetAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping sets AlternativePasswordCharacterMapping field to given value.

### HasAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping() bool`

HasAlternativePasswordCharacterMapping returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword() int64`

GetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword returns the MaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPasswordOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPasswordOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPasswordOk returns a tuple with the MaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword(v int64)`

SetMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword sets MaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword field to given value.

### HasMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword() bool`

HasMaximumAllowedPercentOfPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond() string`

GetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond returns the AssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecondOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecondOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecondOk returns a tuple with the AssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond(v string)`

SetAssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond sets AssumedPasswordGuessesPerSecond field to given value.


### GetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace() string`

GetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace returns the MinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpaceOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpaceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpaceOk returns a tuple with the MinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace(v string)`

SetMinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace sets MinimumAcceptableTimeToExhaustSearchSpace field to given value.


### GetAllowNonAsciiCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowNonAsciiCharacters() bool`

GetAllowNonAsciiCharacters returns the AllowNonAsciiCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllowNonAsciiCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowNonAsciiCharactersOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAllowNonAsciiCharactersOk returns a tuple with the AllowNonAsciiCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllowNonAsciiCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAllowNonAsciiCharacters(v bool)`

SetAllowNonAsciiCharacters sets AllowNonAsciiCharacters field to given value.

### HasAllowNonAsciiCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasAllowNonAsciiCharacters() bool`

HasAllowNonAsciiCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAllowUnknownCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowUnknownCharacters() bool`

GetAllowUnknownCharacters returns the AllowUnknownCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllowUnknownCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowUnknownCharactersOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAllowUnknownCharactersOk returns a tuple with the AllowUnknownCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllowUnknownCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAllowUnknownCharacters(v bool)`

SetAllowUnknownCharacters sets AllowUnknownCharacters field to given value.

### HasAllowUnknownCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasAllowUnknownCharacters() bool`

HasAllowUnknownCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAllowedCharacterType

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowedCharacterType() []EnumpasswordValidatorAllowedCharacterTypeProp`

GetAllowedCharacterType returns the AllowedCharacterType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllowedCharacterTypeOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAllowedCharacterTypeOk() (*[]EnumpasswordValidatorAllowedCharacterTypeProp, bool)`

GetAllowedCharacterTypeOk returns a tuple with the AllowedCharacterType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllowedCharacterType

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAllowedCharacterType(v []EnumpasswordValidatorAllowedCharacterTypeProp)`

SetAllowedCharacterType sets AllowedCharacterType field to given value.

### HasAllowedCharacterType

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasAllowedCharacterType() bool`

HasAllowedCharacterType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScriptClass

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetScriptClass() string`

GetScriptClass returns the ScriptClass field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScriptClassOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetScriptClassOk() (*string, bool)`

GetScriptClassOk returns a tuple with the ScriptClass field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScriptClass

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetScriptClass(v string)`

SetScriptClass sets ScriptClass field to given value.


### GetScriptArgument

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetScriptArgument() []string`

GetScriptArgument returns the ScriptArgument field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScriptArgumentOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetScriptArgumentOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetScriptArgumentOk returns a tuple with the ScriptArgument field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScriptArgument

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetScriptArgument(v []string)`

SetScriptArgument sets ScriptArgument field to given value.

### HasScriptArgument

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasScriptArgument() bool`

HasScriptArgument returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPwnedPasswordsBaseURL

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetPwnedPasswordsBaseURL() string`

GetPwnedPasswordsBaseURL returns the PwnedPasswordsBaseURL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPwnedPasswordsBaseURLOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetPwnedPasswordsBaseURLOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPwnedPasswordsBaseURLOk returns a tuple with the PwnedPasswordsBaseURL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPwnedPasswordsBaseURL

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetPwnedPasswordsBaseURL(v string)`

SetPwnedPasswordsBaseURL sets PwnedPasswordsBaseURL field to given value.


### GetHttpProxyExternalServer

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetHttpProxyExternalServer() string`

GetHttpProxyExternalServer returns the HttpProxyExternalServer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHttpProxyExternalServerOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetHttpProxyExternalServerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHttpProxyExternalServerOk returns a tuple with the HttpProxyExternalServer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHttpProxyExternalServer

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetHttpProxyExternalServer(v string)`

SetHttpProxyExternalServer sets HttpProxyExternalServer field to given value.

### HasHttpProxyExternalServer

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasHttpProxyExternalServer() bool`

HasHttpProxyExternalServer returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvokeForAdd

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetInvokeForAdd() bool`

GetInvokeForAdd returns the InvokeForAdd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvokeForAddOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetInvokeForAddOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetInvokeForAddOk returns a tuple with the InvokeForAdd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvokeForAdd

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetInvokeForAdd(v bool)`

SetInvokeForAdd sets InvokeForAdd field to given value.


### GetInvokeForSelfChange

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetInvokeForSelfChange() bool`

GetInvokeForSelfChange returns the InvokeForSelfChange field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvokeForSelfChangeOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetInvokeForSelfChangeOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetInvokeForSelfChangeOk returns a tuple with the InvokeForSelfChange field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvokeForSelfChange

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetInvokeForSelfChange(v bool)`

SetInvokeForSelfChange sets InvokeForSelfChange field to given value.


### GetInvokeForAdminReset

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetInvokeForAdminReset() bool`

GetInvokeForAdminReset returns the InvokeForAdminReset field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvokeForAdminResetOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetInvokeForAdminResetOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetInvokeForAdminResetOk returns a tuple with the InvokeForAdminReset field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvokeForAdminReset

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetInvokeForAdminReset(v bool)`

SetInvokeForAdminReset sets InvokeForAdminReset field to given value.


### GetAcceptPasswordOnServiceError

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAcceptPasswordOnServiceError() bool`

GetAcceptPasswordOnServiceError returns the AcceptPasswordOnServiceError field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAcceptPasswordOnServiceErrorOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetAcceptPasswordOnServiceErrorOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAcceptPasswordOnServiceErrorOk returns a tuple with the AcceptPasswordOnServiceError field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAcceptPasswordOnServiceError

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetAcceptPasswordOnServiceError(v bool)`

SetAcceptPasswordOnServiceError sets AcceptPasswordOnServiceError field to given value.


### GetKeyManagerProvider

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetKeyManagerProvider() string`

GetKeyManagerProvider returns the KeyManagerProvider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeyManagerProviderOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetKeyManagerProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKeyManagerProviderOk returns a tuple with the KeyManagerProvider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKeyManagerProvider

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetKeyManagerProvider(v string)`

SetKeyManagerProvider sets KeyManagerProvider field to given value.

### HasKeyManagerProvider

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasKeyManagerProvider() bool`

HasKeyManagerProvider returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrustManagerProvider

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTrustManagerProvider() string`

GetTrustManagerProvider returns the TrustManagerProvider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrustManagerProviderOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetTrustManagerProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTrustManagerProviderOk returns a tuple with the TrustManagerProvider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrustManagerProvider

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetTrustManagerProvider(v string)`

SetTrustManagerProvider sets TrustManagerProvider field to given value.

### HasTrustManagerProvider

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasTrustManagerProvider() bool`

HasTrustManagerProvider returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDisallowedCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDisallowedCharacters() string`

GetDisallowedCharacters returns the DisallowedCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisallowedCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDisallowedCharactersOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisallowedCharactersOk returns a tuple with the DisallowedCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisallowedCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetDisallowedCharacters(v string)`

SetDisallowedCharacters sets DisallowedCharacters field to given value.

### HasDisallowedCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasDisallowedCharacters() bool`

HasDisallowedCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDisallowedLeadingCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDisallowedLeadingCharacters() string`

GetDisallowedLeadingCharacters returns the DisallowedLeadingCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisallowedLeadingCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDisallowedLeadingCharactersOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisallowedLeadingCharactersOk returns a tuple with the DisallowedLeadingCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisallowedLeadingCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetDisallowedLeadingCharacters(v string)`

SetDisallowedLeadingCharacters sets DisallowedLeadingCharacters field to given value.

### HasDisallowedLeadingCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasDisallowedLeadingCharacters() bool`

HasDisallowedLeadingCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDisallowedTrailingCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDisallowedTrailingCharacters() string`

GetDisallowedTrailingCharacters returns the DisallowedTrailingCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisallowedTrailingCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetDisallowedTrailingCharactersOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisallowedTrailingCharactersOk returns a tuple with the DisallowedTrailingCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisallowedTrailingCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetDisallowedTrailingCharacters(v string)`

SetDisallowedTrailingCharacters sets DisallowedTrailingCharacters field to given value.

### HasDisallowedTrailingCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasDisallowedTrailingCharacters() bool`

HasDisallowedTrailingCharacters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxPasswordLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMaxPasswordLength() int64`

GetMaxPasswordLength returns the MaxPasswordLength field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxPasswordLengthOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMaxPasswordLengthOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaxPasswordLengthOk returns a tuple with the MaxPasswordLength field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxPasswordLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMaxPasswordLength(v int64)`

SetMaxPasswordLength sets MaxPasswordLength field to given value.

### HasMaxPasswordLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMaxPasswordLength() bool`

HasMaxPasswordLength returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMinPasswordLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinPasswordLength() int64`

GetMinPasswordLength returns the MinPasswordLength field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinPasswordLengthOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinPasswordLengthOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMinPasswordLengthOk returns a tuple with the MinPasswordLength field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinPasswordLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMinPasswordLength(v int64)`

SetMinPasswordLength sets MinPasswordLength field to given value.

### HasMinPasswordLength

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasMinPasswordLength() bool`

HasMinPasswordLength returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMatchPattern

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMatchPattern() string`

GetMatchPattern returns the MatchPattern field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMatchPatternOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMatchPatternOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMatchPatternOk returns a tuple with the MatchPattern field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMatchPattern

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMatchPattern(v string)`

SetMatchPattern sets MatchPattern field to given value.


### GetMatchBehavior

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMatchBehavior() EnumpasswordValidatorMatchBehaviorProp`

GetMatchBehavior returns the MatchBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMatchBehaviorOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMatchBehaviorOk() (*EnumpasswordValidatorMatchBehaviorProp, bool)`

GetMatchBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the MatchBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMatchBehavior

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMatchBehavior(v EnumpasswordValidatorMatchBehaviorProp)`

SetMatchBehavior sets MatchBehavior field to given value.


### GetMinUniqueCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinUniqueCharacters() int64`

GetMinUniqueCharacters returns the MinUniqueCharacters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinUniqueCharactersOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetMinUniqueCharactersOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMinUniqueCharactersOk returns a tuple with the MinUniqueCharacters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinUniqueCharacters

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetMinUniqueCharacters(v int64)`

SetMinUniqueCharacters sets MinUniqueCharacters field to given value.


### GetExtensionClass

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetExtensionClass() string`

GetExtensionClass returns the ExtensionClass field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionClassOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetExtensionClassOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExtensionClassOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionClass field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionClass

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetExtensionClass(v string)`

SetExtensionClass sets ExtensionClass field to given value.


### GetExtensionArgument

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetExtensionArgument() []string`

GetExtensionArgument returns the ExtensionArgument field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionArgumentOk

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) GetExtensionArgumentOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExtensionArgumentOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionArgument field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionArgument

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) SetExtensionArgument(v []string)`

SetExtensionArgument sets ExtensionArgument field to given value.

### HasExtensionArgument

`func (o *GetPasswordValidator200Response) HasExtensionArgument() bool`

HasExtensionArgument returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


