# GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Name of the SASL Mechanism Handler | 
**Schemas** | [**[]EnumthirdPartySaslMechanismHandlerSchemaUrn**](EnumthirdPartySaslMechanismHandlerSchemaUrn.md) |  | 
**IdentityMapper** | **string** | The identity mapper that may be used to map usernames to user entries. If the custom SASL mechanism involves a username or some other form of authentication and/or authorization identity, then this may be used to map that ID to an entry for that user. | 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | A description for this SASL Mechanism Handler | [optional] 
**Enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the SASL mechanism handler is enabled for use. | 
**Meta** | Pointer to [**MetaMeta**](MetaMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20** | Pointer to [**MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20**](MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20.md) |  | [optional] 
**SharedSecretAttributeType** | Pointer to **string** | The name or OID of the attribute that will be used to hold the shared secret key used during TOTP processing. | [optional] 
**TimeIntervalDuration** | Pointer to **string** | The duration of the time interval used for TOTP processing. | [optional] 
**AdjacentIntervalsToCheck** | Pointer to **int64** | The number of adjacent time intervals (both before and after the current time) that should be checked when performing authentication. | [optional] 
**RequireStaticPassword** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether a user will be required to provide a static password when authenticating via the UNBOUNDID-YUBIKEY-OTP SASL mechanism. | [optional] 
**PreventTOTPReuse** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to prevent clients from re-using TOTP passwords. | [optional] 
**YubikeyClientID** | Pointer to **string** | The client ID to include in requests to the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/. | [optional] 
**YubikeyAPIKey** | Pointer to **string** | The API key needed to verify signatures generated by the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/. | [optional] 
**YubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider** | Pointer to **string** | The passphrase provider to use to obtain the API key needed to verify signatures generated by the YubiKey validation server. A client ID and API key may be obtained for free from https://upgrade.yubico.com/getapikey/. | [optional] 
**YubikeyValidationServerBaseURL** | **[]string** | The base URL of the validation server to use to verify one-time passwords. You should only need to change the value if you wish to use your own validation server instead of using one of the Yubico servers. The server must use the YubiKey Validation Protocol version 2.0. | 
**KeyManagerProvider** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies which key manager provider should be used to obtain a client certificate to present to the validation server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if communication will not be secured with HTTPS, or if there is no need to present a client certificate to the validation service. | [optional] 
**TrustManagerProvider** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies which trust manager provider should be used to determine whether to trust the certificate presented by the server when performing HTTPS communication. This may be left undefined if HTTPS communication is not needed, or if the validation service presents a certificate that is trusted by the default JVM configuration (which should be the case for the validation servers that Yubico provides, but may not be the case if an alternate validation server is configured). | [optional] 
**CertificateValidationPolicy** | [**EnumsaslMechanismHandlerCertificateValidationPolicyProp**](EnumsaslMechanismHandlerCertificateValidationPolicyProp.md) |  | 
**CertificateAttribute** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the name of the attribute to hold user certificates. | [optional] 
**CertificateMapper** | **string** | The certificate mapper that will be used to identify the target user based on the certificate that was presented to the server. | 
**Realm** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the realm to be used for GSSAPI authentication. | [optional] 
**ServerFqdn** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the DNS-resolvable fully-qualified domain name for the system. | [optional] 
**OtpValidityDuration** | **string** | The maximum length of time that a one-time password value should be considered valid. | 
**AccessTokenValidator** | Pointer to **[]string** | An access token validator that will ensure that each presented OAuth access token is authentic and trustworthy. It must be configured with an identity mapper that will be used to map the access token to a local entry. | [optional] 
**IdTokenValidator** | Pointer to **[]string** | An ID token validator that will ensure that each presented OpenID Connect ID token is authentic and trustworthy, and that will map the token to a local entry. | [optional] 
**RequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether bind requests will be required to have both an OAuth access token (in the \&quot;auth\&quot; element of the bind request) and an OpenID Connect ID token (in the \&quot;pingidentityidtoken\&quot; element of the bind request). | [optional] 
**ValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided** | Pointer to [**EnumsaslMechanismHandlerValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedProp**](EnumsaslMechanismHandlerValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**AlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the name of the identity mapper that is to be used with this SASL mechanism handler to map the alternate authorization identity (if provided, and if different from the Kerberos principal used as the authentication identity) to the corresponding user in the directory. If no value is specified, then the mapper specified in the identity-mapper configuration property will be used. | [optional] 
**AllRequiredScope** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of OAuth scopes that will all be required for any access tokens that will be allowed for authentication. | [optional] 
**AnyRequiredScope** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of OAuth scopes that a token may have to be allowed for authentication. | [optional] 
**KdcAddress** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the address of the KDC that is to be used for Kerberos processing. | [optional] 
**Keytab** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the keytab file that should be used for Kerberos processing. | [optional] 
**AllowNullServerFqdn** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether or not to allow a null value for the server-fqdn. | [optional] 
**AllowedQualityOfProtection** | Pointer to [**[]EnumsaslMechanismHandlerAllowedQualityOfProtectionProp**](EnumsaslMechanismHandlerAllowedQualityOfProtectionProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**KerberosServicePrincipal** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the Kerberos service principal that the Directory Server will use to identify itself to the KDC. | [optional] 
**GssapiRole** | Pointer to [**EnumsaslMechanismHandlerGssapiRoleProp**](EnumsaslMechanismHandlerGssapiRoleProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**JaasConfigFile** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the path to a JAAS (Java Authentication and Authorization Service) configuration file that provides the information that the JVM should use for Kerberos processing. | [optional] 
**EnableDebug** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to enable debugging for the Java GSSAPI provider. Debug information will be written to standard output, which should be captured in the server.out log file. | [optional] 
**ExtensionClass** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler. | 
**ExtensionArgument** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party SASL Mechanism Handler. Each configuration property should be given in the form &#39;name&#x3D;value&#39;. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewGetSaslMechanismHandler200Response

`func NewGetSaslMechanismHandler200Response(id string, schemas []EnumthirdPartySaslMechanismHandlerSchemaUrn, identityMapper string, enabled bool, yubikeyValidationServerBaseURL []string, certificateValidationPolicy EnumsaslMechanismHandlerCertificateValidationPolicyProp, certificateMapper string, otpValidityDuration string, extensionClass string, ) *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response`

NewGetSaslMechanismHandler200Response instantiates a new GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewGetSaslMechanismHandler200ResponseWithDefaults

`func NewGetSaslMechanismHandler200ResponseWithDefaults() *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response`

NewGetSaslMechanismHandler200ResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetSchemas

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetSchemas() []EnumthirdPartySaslMechanismHandlerSchemaUrn`

GetSchemas returns the Schemas field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSchemasOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetSchemasOk() (*[]EnumthirdPartySaslMechanismHandlerSchemaUrn, bool)`

GetSchemasOk returns a tuple with the Schemas field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSchemas

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetSchemas(v []EnumthirdPartySaslMechanismHandlerSchemaUrn)`

SetSchemas sets Schemas field to given value.


### GetIdentityMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetIdentityMapper() string`

GetIdentityMapper returns the IdentityMapper field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdentityMapperOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetIdentityMapperOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdentityMapperOk returns a tuple with the IdentityMapper field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdentityMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetIdentityMapper(v string)`

SetIdentityMapper sets IdentityMapper field to given value.


### GetDescription

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.


### GetMeta

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetMeta() MetaMeta`

GetMeta returns the Meta field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetaOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetMetaOk() (*MetaMeta, bool)`

GetMetaOk returns a tuple with the Meta field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMeta

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetMeta(v MetaMeta)`

SetMeta sets Meta field to given value.

### HasMeta

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasMeta() bool`

HasMeta returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok() (*MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20, bool)`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok returns a tuple with the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20(v MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20)`

SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 sets Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field to given value.

### HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() bool`

HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSharedSecretAttributeType

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetSharedSecretAttributeType() string`

GetSharedSecretAttributeType returns the SharedSecretAttributeType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSharedSecretAttributeTypeOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetSharedSecretAttributeTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSharedSecretAttributeTypeOk returns a tuple with the SharedSecretAttributeType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSharedSecretAttributeType

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetSharedSecretAttributeType(v string)`

SetSharedSecretAttributeType sets SharedSecretAttributeType field to given value.

### HasSharedSecretAttributeType

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasSharedSecretAttributeType() bool`

HasSharedSecretAttributeType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimeIntervalDuration

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetTimeIntervalDuration() string`

GetTimeIntervalDuration returns the TimeIntervalDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeIntervalDurationOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetTimeIntervalDurationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimeIntervalDurationOk returns a tuple with the TimeIntervalDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeIntervalDuration

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetTimeIntervalDuration(v string)`

SetTimeIntervalDuration sets TimeIntervalDuration field to given value.

### HasTimeIntervalDuration

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasTimeIntervalDuration() bool`

HasTimeIntervalDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAdjacentIntervalsToCheck

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAdjacentIntervalsToCheck() int64`

GetAdjacentIntervalsToCheck returns the AdjacentIntervalsToCheck field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAdjacentIntervalsToCheckOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAdjacentIntervalsToCheckOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAdjacentIntervalsToCheckOk returns a tuple with the AdjacentIntervalsToCheck field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAdjacentIntervalsToCheck

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAdjacentIntervalsToCheck(v int64)`

SetAdjacentIntervalsToCheck sets AdjacentIntervalsToCheck field to given value.

### HasAdjacentIntervalsToCheck

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAdjacentIntervalsToCheck() bool`

HasAdjacentIntervalsToCheck returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRequireStaticPassword

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetRequireStaticPassword() bool`

GetRequireStaticPassword returns the RequireStaticPassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequireStaticPasswordOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetRequireStaticPasswordOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRequireStaticPasswordOk returns a tuple with the RequireStaticPassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequireStaticPassword

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetRequireStaticPassword(v bool)`

SetRequireStaticPassword sets RequireStaticPassword field to given value.

### HasRequireStaticPassword

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasRequireStaticPassword() bool`

HasRequireStaticPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPreventTOTPReuse

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetPreventTOTPReuse() bool`

GetPreventTOTPReuse returns the PreventTOTPReuse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPreventTOTPReuseOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetPreventTOTPReuseOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPreventTOTPReuseOk returns a tuple with the PreventTOTPReuse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPreventTOTPReuse

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetPreventTOTPReuse(v bool)`

SetPreventTOTPReuse sets PreventTOTPReuse field to given value.

### HasPreventTOTPReuse

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasPreventTOTPReuse() bool`

HasPreventTOTPReuse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetYubikeyClientID

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyClientID() string`

GetYubikeyClientID returns the YubikeyClientID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetYubikeyClientIDOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyClientIDOk() (*string, bool)`

GetYubikeyClientIDOk returns a tuple with the YubikeyClientID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetYubikeyClientID

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetYubikeyClientID(v string)`

SetYubikeyClientID sets YubikeyClientID field to given value.

### HasYubikeyClientID

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasYubikeyClientID() bool`

HasYubikeyClientID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetYubikeyAPIKey

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyAPIKey() string`

GetYubikeyAPIKey returns the YubikeyAPIKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetYubikeyAPIKeyOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyAPIKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetYubikeyAPIKeyOk returns a tuple with the YubikeyAPIKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetYubikeyAPIKey

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetYubikeyAPIKey(v string)`

SetYubikeyAPIKey sets YubikeyAPIKey field to given value.

### HasYubikeyAPIKey

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasYubikeyAPIKey() bool`

HasYubikeyAPIKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider() string`

GetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider returns the YubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProviderOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProviderOk returns a tuple with the YubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider(v string)`

SetYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider sets YubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider field to given value.

### HasYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider() bool`

HasYubikeyAPIKeyPassphraseProvider returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURL

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURL() []string`

GetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURL returns the YubikeyValidationServerBaseURL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURLOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURLOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURLOk returns a tuple with the YubikeyValidationServerBaseURL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURL

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURL(v []string)`

SetYubikeyValidationServerBaseURL sets YubikeyValidationServerBaseURL field to given value.


### GetKeyManagerProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKeyManagerProvider() string`

GetKeyManagerProvider returns the KeyManagerProvider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeyManagerProviderOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKeyManagerProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKeyManagerProviderOk returns a tuple with the KeyManagerProvider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKeyManagerProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetKeyManagerProvider(v string)`

SetKeyManagerProvider sets KeyManagerProvider field to given value.

### HasKeyManagerProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasKeyManagerProvider() bool`

HasKeyManagerProvider returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrustManagerProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetTrustManagerProvider() string`

GetTrustManagerProvider returns the TrustManagerProvider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrustManagerProviderOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetTrustManagerProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTrustManagerProviderOk returns a tuple with the TrustManagerProvider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrustManagerProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetTrustManagerProvider(v string)`

SetTrustManagerProvider sets TrustManagerProvider field to given value.

### HasTrustManagerProvider

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasTrustManagerProvider() bool`

HasTrustManagerProvider returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCertificateValidationPolicy

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetCertificateValidationPolicy() EnumsaslMechanismHandlerCertificateValidationPolicyProp`

GetCertificateValidationPolicy returns the CertificateValidationPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCertificateValidationPolicyOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetCertificateValidationPolicyOk() (*EnumsaslMechanismHandlerCertificateValidationPolicyProp, bool)`

GetCertificateValidationPolicyOk returns a tuple with the CertificateValidationPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCertificateValidationPolicy

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetCertificateValidationPolicy(v EnumsaslMechanismHandlerCertificateValidationPolicyProp)`

SetCertificateValidationPolicy sets CertificateValidationPolicy field to given value.


### GetCertificateAttribute

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetCertificateAttribute() string`

GetCertificateAttribute returns the CertificateAttribute field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCertificateAttributeOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetCertificateAttributeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCertificateAttributeOk returns a tuple with the CertificateAttribute field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCertificateAttribute

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetCertificateAttribute(v string)`

SetCertificateAttribute sets CertificateAttribute field to given value.

### HasCertificateAttribute

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasCertificateAttribute() bool`

HasCertificateAttribute returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCertificateMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetCertificateMapper() string`

GetCertificateMapper returns the CertificateMapper field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCertificateMapperOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetCertificateMapperOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCertificateMapperOk returns a tuple with the CertificateMapper field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCertificateMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetCertificateMapper(v string)`

SetCertificateMapper sets CertificateMapper field to given value.


### GetRealm

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetRealm() string`

GetRealm returns the Realm field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRealmOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetRealmOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRealmOk returns a tuple with the Realm field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRealm

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetRealm(v string)`

SetRealm sets Realm field to given value.

### HasRealm

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasRealm() bool`

HasRealm returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServerFqdn

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetServerFqdn() string`

GetServerFqdn returns the ServerFqdn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServerFqdnOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetServerFqdnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServerFqdnOk returns a tuple with the ServerFqdn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServerFqdn

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetServerFqdn(v string)`

SetServerFqdn sets ServerFqdn field to given value.

### HasServerFqdn

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasServerFqdn() bool`

HasServerFqdn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOtpValidityDuration

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetOtpValidityDuration() string`

GetOtpValidityDuration returns the OtpValidityDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOtpValidityDurationOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetOtpValidityDurationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOtpValidityDurationOk returns a tuple with the OtpValidityDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOtpValidityDuration

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetOtpValidityDuration(v string)`

SetOtpValidityDuration sets OtpValidityDuration field to given value.


### GetAccessTokenValidator

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAccessTokenValidator() []string`

GetAccessTokenValidator returns the AccessTokenValidator field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenValidatorOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAccessTokenValidatorOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAccessTokenValidatorOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenValidator field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenValidator

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAccessTokenValidator(v []string)`

SetAccessTokenValidator sets AccessTokenValidator field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenValidator

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAccessTokenValidator() bool`

HasAccessTokenValidator returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdTokenValidator

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetIdTokenValidator() []string`

GetIdTokenValidator returns the IdTokenValidator field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdTokenValidatorOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetIdTokenValidatorOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetIdTokenValidatorOk returns a tuple with the IdTokenValidator field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdTokenValidator

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetIdTokenValidator(v []string)`

SetIdTokenValidator sets IdTokenValidator field to given value.

### HasIdTokenValidator

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasIdTokenValidator() bool`

HasIdTokenValidator returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken() bool`

GetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken returns the RequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDTokenOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDTokenOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDTokenOk returns a tuple with the RequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken(v bool)`

SetRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken sets RequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken field to given value.

### HasRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken() bool`

HasRequireBothAccessTokenAndIDToken returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided() EnumsaslMechanismHandlerValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedProp`

GetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided returns the ValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedOk() (*EnumsaslMechanismHandlerValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedProp, bool)`

GetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedOk returns a tuple with the ValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided(v EnumsaslMechanismHandlerValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvidedProp)`

SetValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided sets ValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided field to given value.

### HasValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided() bool`

HasValidateAccessTokenWhenIDTokenIsAlsoProvided returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper() string`

GetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper returns the AlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapperOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapperOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapperOk returns a tuple with the AlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper(v string)`

SetAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper sets AlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper field to given value.

### HasAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper() bool`

HasAlternateAuthorizationIdentityMapper returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAllRequiredScope

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAllRequiredScope() []string`

GetAllRequiredScope returns the AllRequiredScope field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllRequiredScopeOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAllRequiredScopeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAllRequiredScopeOk returns a tuple with the AllRequiredScope field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllRequiredScope

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAllRequiredScope(v []string)`

SetAllRequiredScope sets AllRequiredScope field to given value.

### HasAllRequiredScope

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAllRequiredScope() bool`

HasAllRequiredScope returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAnyRequiredScope

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAnyRequiredScope() []string`

GetAnyRequiredScope returns the AnyRequiredScope field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAnyRequiredScopeOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAnyRequiredScopeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAnyRequiredScopeOk returns a tuple with the AnyRequiredScope field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAnyRequiredScope

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAnyRequiredScope(v []string)`

SetAnyRequiredScope sets AnyRequiredScope field to given value.

### HasAnyRequiredScope

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAnyRequiredScope() bool`

HasAnyRequiredScope returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetKdcAddress

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKdcAddress() string`

GetKdcAddress returns the KdcAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKdcAddressOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKdcAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKdcAddressOk returns a tuple with the KdcAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKdcAddress

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetKdcAddress(v string)`

SetKdcAddress sets KdcAddress field to given value.

### HasKdcAddress

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasKdcAddress() bool`

HasKdcAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetKeytab

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKeytab() string`

GetKeytab returns the Keytab field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeytabOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKeytabOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKeytabOk returns a tuple with the Keytab field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKeytab

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetKeytab(v string)`

SetKeytab sets Keytab field to given value.

### HasKeytab

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasKeytab() bool`

HasKeytab returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAllowNullServerFqdn

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAllowNullServerFqdn() bool`

GetAllowNullServerFqdn returns the AllowNullServerFqdn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllowNullServerFqdnOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAllowNullServerFqdnOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAllowNullServerFqdnOk returns a tuple with the AllowNullServerFqdn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllowNullServerFqdn

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAllowNullServerFqdn(v bool)`

SetAllowNullServerFqdn sets AllowNullServerFqdn field to given value.

### HasAllowNullServerFqdn

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAllowNullServerFqdn() bool`

HasAllowNullServerFqdn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAllowedQualityOfProtection

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAllowedQualityOfProtection() []EnumsaslMechanismHandlerAllowedQualityOfProtectionProp`

GetAllowedQualityOfProtection returns the AllowedQualityOfProtection field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllowedQualityOfProtectionOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetAllowedQualityOfProtectionOk() (*[]EnumsaslMechanismHandlerAllowedQualityOfProtectionProp, bool)`

GetAllowedQualityOfProtectionOk returns a tuple with the AllowedQualityOfProtection field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllowedQualityOfProtection

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetAllowedQualityOfProtection(v []EnumsaslMechanismHandlerAllowedQualityOfProtectionProp)`

SetAllowedQualityOfProtection sets AllowedQualityOfProtection field to given value.

### HasAllowedQualityOfProtection

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasAllowedQualityOfProtection() bool`

HasAllowedQualityOfProtection returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetKerberosServicePrincipal

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKerberosServicePrincipal() string`

GetKerberosServicePrincipal returns the KerberosServicePrincipal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKerberosServicePrincipalOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetKerberosServicePrincipalOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKerberosServicePrincipalOk returns a tuple with the KerberosServicePrincipal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKerberosServicePrincipal

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetKerberosServicePrincipal(v string)`

SetKerberosServicePrincipal sets KerberosServicePrincipal field to given value.

### HasKerberosServicePrincipal

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasKerberosServicePrincipal() bool`

HasKerberosServicePrincipal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGssapiRole

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetGssapiRole() EnumsaslMechanismHandlerGssapiRoleProp`

GetGssapiRole returns the GssapiRole field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGssapiRoleOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetGssapiRoleOk() (*EnumsaslMechanismHandlerGssapiRoleProp, bool)`

GetGssapiRoleOk returns a tuple with the GssapiRole field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGssapiRole

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetGssapiRole(v EnumsaslMechanismHandlerGssapiRoleProp)`

SetGssapiRole sets GssapiRole field to given value.

### HasGssapiRole

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasGssapiRole() bool`

HasGssapiRole returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetJaasConfigFile

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetJaasConfigFile() string`

GetJaasConfigFile returns the JaasConfigFile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetJaasConfigFileOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetJaasConfigFileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetJaasConfigFileOk returns a tuple with the JaasConfigFile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetJaasConfigFile

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetJaasConfigFile(v string)`

SetJaasConfigFile sets JaasConfigFile field to given value.

### HasJaasConfigFile

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasJaasConfigFile() bool`

HasJaasConfigFile returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnableDebug

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetEnableDebug() bool`

GetEnableDebug returns the EnableDebug field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnableDebugOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetEnableDebugOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnableDebugOk returns a tuple with the EnableDebug field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnableDebug

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetEnableDebug(v bool)`

SetEnableDebug sets EnableDebug field to given value.

### HasEnableDebug

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasEnableDebug() bool`

HasEnableDebug returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtensionClass

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetExtensionClass() string`

GetExtensionClass returns the ExtensionClass field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionClassOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetExtensionClassOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExtensionClassOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionClass field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionClass

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetExtensionClass(v string)`

SetExtensionClass sets ExtensionClass field to given value.


### GetExtensionArgument

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetExtensionArgument() []string`

GetExtensionArgument returns the ExtensionArgument field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionArgumentOk

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) GetExtensionArgumentOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExtensionArgumentOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionArgument field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionArgument

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) SetExtensionArgument(v []string)`

SetExtensionArgument sets ExtensionArgument field to given value.

### HasExtensionArgument

`func (o *GetSaslMechanismHandler200Response) HasExtensionArgument() bool`

HasExtensionArgument returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


