# LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Name of the Log Publisher | 
**Schemas** | [**[]EnumgroovyScriptedHttpOperationLogPublisherSchemaUrn**](EnumgroovyScriptedHttpOperationLogPublisherSchemaUrn.md) |  | 
**SyslogExternalServer** | **[]string** | The syslog server to which messages should be sent. | 
**SyslogFacility** | [**EnumlogPublisherSyslogFacilityProp**](EnumlogPublisherSyslogFacilityProp.md) |  | 
**SyslogSeverity** | [**EnumlogPublisherSyslogSeverityProp**](EnumlogPublisherSyslogSeverityProp.md) |  | 
**SyslogMessageHostName** | Pointer to **string** | The local host name that will be included in syslog messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON Error Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**SyslogMessageApplicationName** | Pointer to **string** | The application name that will be included in syslog messages that are logged by this Syslog JSON Error Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**QueueSize** | Pointer to **int64** | The maximum number of log records that can be stored in the asynchronous queue. | [optional] 
**WriteMultiLineMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the JSON objects should use a multi-line representation (with each object field and array value on its own line) that may be easier for administrators to read, but each message will be larger (because of additional spaces and end-of-line markers), and it may be more difficult to consume and parse through some text-oriented tools. | [optional] 
**UseReversibleForm** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the audit log should be written in reversible form so that it is possible to revert the changes if desired. | [optional] 
**SoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherConsoleJsonAuditSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorProp**](EnumlogPublisherConsoleJsonAuditSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**IncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include information about any operation purpose request control that may have been included in the request. | [optional] 
**IncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include information about any intermediate client request control that may have been included in the request. | [optional] 
**ObscureAttribute** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the names of any attribute types that should have their values obscured in the audit log because they may be considered sensitive. | [optional] 
**ExcludeAttribute** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the names of any attribute types that should be excluded from the audit log. | [optional] 
**SuppressInternalOperations** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether internal operations (for example, operations that are initiated by plugins) should be logged along with the operations that are requested by users. | [optional] 
**IncludeProductName** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the product name for the Directory Server. | [optional] 
**IncludeInstanceName** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the instance name for the Directory Server. | [optional] 
**IncludeStartupID** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the startup ID for the Directory Server, which is a value assigned to the server instance at startup and may be used to identify when the server has been restarted. | [optional] 
**IncludeThreadID** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages should include the thread ID for the Directory Server in each log message. This ID can be used to correlate log messages from the same thread within a single log as well as generated by the same thread across different types of log files. More information about the thread with a specific ID can be obtained using the cn&#x3D;JVM Stack Trace,cn&#x3D;monitor entry. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequesterDN** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the DN of the authenticated user for the client connection on which the operation was requested. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequesterIPAddress** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include the IP address of the client that requested the operation. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestControls** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation requests should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the request. | [optional] 
**IncludeResponseControls** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for operation results should include a list of the OIDs of any controls included in the result. | [optional] 
**IncludeReplicationChangeID** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the replication change ID. | [optional] 
**LogSecurityNegotiation** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the result of any security negotiation (e.g., SSL handshake) processing that has been performed. | [optional] 
**SuppressReplicationOperations** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether access messages that are generated by replication operations should be suppressed. | [optional] 
**ConnectionCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of connection criteria that must match the associated client connection in order for a connect, disconnect, request, or result message to be logged. | [optional] 
**RequestCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of request criteria that must match the associated operation request in order for a request or result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**ResultCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of result criteria that must match the associated operation result in order for that result to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | A description for this Log Publisher | [optional] 
**Enabled** | **bool** | Indicates whether the Log Publisher is enabled for use. | 
**LoggingErrorBehavior** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp**](EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**Meta** | Pointer to [**MetaMeta**](MetaMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20** | Pointer to [**MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20**](MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20.md) |  | [optional] 
**ServerHostName** | **string** | Specifies the hostname or IP address of the syslogd host to log to. It is highly recommend to use localhost. | 
**ServerPort** | **int64** | Specifies the port number of the syslogd host to log to. | 
**AutoFlush** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether to flush the writer after every log record. | [optional] 
**Asynchronous** | **bool** | Indicates whether the File Based JSON Sync Failed Ops Log Publisher will publish records asynchronously. | 
**DefaultSeverity** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherDefaultSeverityProp**](EnumlogPublisherDefaultSeverityProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**OverrideSeverity** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the override severity levels for the logger based on the category of the messages. | [optional] 
**LogFile** | **string** | The file name to use for the log files generated by the File Based JSON Sync Failed Ops Log Publisher. The path to the file can be specified either as relative to the server root or as an absolute path. | 
**LogFilePermissions** | **string** | The UNIX permissions of the log files created by this File Based JSON Sync Failed Ops Log Publisher. | 
**RotationPolicy** | **[]string** | The rotation policy to use for the File Based JSON Sync Failed Ops Log Publisher . | 
**RotationListener** | Pointer to **[]string** | A listener that should be notified whenever a log file is rotated out of service. | [optional] 
**RetentionPolicy** | **[]string** | The retention policy to use for the File Based JSON Sync Failed Ops Log Publisher . | 
**CompressionMechanism** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp**](EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**SignLog** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the log should be cryptographically signed so that the log content cannot be altered in an undetectable manner. | [optional] 
**EncryptLog** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log files should be encrypted so that their content is not available to unauthorized users. | [optional] 
**EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the ID of the encryption settings definition that should be used to encrypt the data. If this is not provided, the server&#39;s preferred encryption settings definition will be used. The \&quot;encryption-settings list\&quot; command can be used to obtain a list of the encryption settings definitions available in the server. | [optional] 
**Append** | Pointer to **bool** | Specifies whether to append to existing log files. | [optional] 
**ExtensionClass** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the Java class providing the logic for the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher. | 
**ExtensionArgument** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Third Party File Based Error Log Publisher. Each configuration property should be given in the form &#39;name&#x3D;value&#39;. | [optional] 
**BufferSize** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the log file buffer size. | [optional] 
**TimeInterval** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies the interval at which to check whether the log files need to be rotated. | [optional] 
**LogConnects** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about connections established to the server. | [optional] 
**LogDisconnects** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about connections that have been closed by the client or terminated by the server. | [optional] 
**LogClientCertificates** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about any client certificates presented to the server. | [optional] 
**LogRequests** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to record a log message with information about requests received from the client. | [optional] 
**LogResults** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to record a log message with information about the result of processing a requested HTTP operation. | [optional] 
**LogSearchEntries** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about search result entries sent to the client. | [optional] 
**LogSearchReferences** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about search result references sent to the client. | [optional] 
**LogIntermediateResponses** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about intermediate responses sent to the client. | [optional] 
**CorrelateRequestsAndResults** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to automatically log result messages for any operation in which the corresponding request was logged. In such cases, the result, entry, and reference criteria will be ignored, although the log-responses, log-search-entries, and log-search-references properties will be honored. | [optional] 
**SearchEntryCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of search entry criteria that must match the associated search result entry in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**SearchReferenceCriteria** | Pointer to **string** | Specifies a set of search reference criteria that must match the associated search result reference in order for that it to be logged by this Access Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**MinIncludedOperationProcessingTime** | Pointer to **string** | The minimum processing time (i.e., \&quot;etime\&quot;) for operations that should be logged by this Operation Timing Access Log Publisher | [optional] 
**MinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos** | Pointer to **int64** | The minimum length of time in nanoseconds that an operation phase should take before it is included in a log message. | [optional] 
**MaxStringLength** | Pointer to **int64** | Specifies the maximum number of characters that may be included in any string in a log message before that string is truncated and replaced with a placeholder indicating the number of characters that were omitted. This can help prevent extremely long log messages from being written. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether result log messages should include all of the elements of request log messages. This may be used to record a single message per operation with details about both the request and response. | [optional] 
**LogAssuranceCompleted** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log information about the result of replication assurance processing. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search result entries should include information about the associated search request. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search result references should include information about the associated search request. | [optional] 
**IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for intermediate responses should include information about the associated operation request. | [optional] 
**IncludeResultCodeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether result log messages should include human-readable names for result codes in addition to their numeric values. | [optional] 
**IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search requests should include extended information from the request, including the requested size limit, time limit, alias dereferencing behavior, and types only behavior. | [optional] 
**IncludeAddAttributeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for add requests should include a list of the names of the attributes included in the entry to add. | [optional] 
**IncludeModifyAttributeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for modify requests should include a list of the names of the attributes to be modified. | [optional] 
**IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether log messages for search result entries should include a list of the names of the attributes included in the entry that was returned. | [optional] 
**GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to use the generified version of the log message string (which may use placeholders like %s for a string or %d for an integer), rather than the version of the message with those placeholders replaced with specific values that would normally be written to the log. | [optional] 
**LogFieldBehavior** | Pointer to **string** | The behavior to use for determining which fields to log and whether to transform the values of those fields in any way. | [optional] 
**DebugMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherDebugMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherDebugMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**HttpMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherHttpMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherHttpMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**AccessTokenValidatorMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**IdTokenValidatorMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**ScimMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherScimMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherScimMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**ConsentMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherConsentMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherConsentMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**DirectoryRESTAPIMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**ExtensionMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherExtensionMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherExtensionMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**IncludePathPattern** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies a set of HTTP request URL paths to determine whether log messages are included for a HTTP request. Log messages are included for a HTTP request if the request path does not match any exclude-path-pattern, and the request path does match an include-path-pattern (or no include-path-pattern is specified). | [optional] 
**ExcludePathPattern** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies a set of HTTP request URL paths to determine whether log messages are excluded for a HTTP request. Log messages are included for a HTTP request if the request path does not match any exclude-path-pattern, and the request path does match an include-path-pattern (or no include-path-pattern is specified). | [optional] 
**Server** | **string** | The JDBC-based Database Server to use for a connection. | 
**LogFieldMapping** | **string** | The log field mapping associates loggable fields to database column names. The table name is not part of this mapping. | 
**LogTableName** | **string** | The table name to log entries to the database server. | 
**OutputLocation** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherOutputLocationProp**](EnumlogPublisherOutputLocationProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**TimestampPrecision** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp**](EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**DefaultDebugLevel** | [**EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugLevelProp**](EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugLevelProp.md) |  | 
**DefaultDebugCategory** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugCategoryProp**](EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugCategoryProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**DefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include method arguments in debug messages logged by default. | [optional] 
**DefaultOmitMethodReturnValue** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include the return value in debug messages logged by default. | [optional] 
**DefaultIncludeThrowableCause** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include the cause of exceptions in exception thrown and caught messages logged by default. | [optional] 
**DefaultThrowableStackFrames** | Pointer to **int64** | Indicates the number of stack frames to include in the stack trace for method entry and exception thrown messages. | [optional] 
**IncludeSyncPipe** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies which Sync Pipes can log messages to this Sync Log Publisher. | [optional] 
**LogRequestHeaders** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherLogRequestHeadersProp**](EnumlogPublisherLogRequestHeadersProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**SuppressedRequestHeaderName** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the case-insensitive names of request headers that should be omitted from log messages (e.g., for the purpose of brevity or security). This will only be used if the log-request-headers property has a value of true. | [optional] 
**LogResponseHeaders** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherLogResponseHeadersProp**](EnumlogPublisherLogResponseHeadersProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**SuppressedResponseHeaderName** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the case-insensitive names of response headers that should be omitted from log messages (e.g., for the purpose of brevity or security). This will only be used if the log-response-headers property has a value of true. | [optional] 
**LogRequestAuthorizationType** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log the type of credentials given if an \&quot;Authorization\&quot; header was included in the request. Logging the authorization type may be useful, and is much more secure than logging the entire value of the \&quot;Authorization\&quot; header. | [optional] 
**LogRequestCookieNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log the names of any cookies included in an HTTP request. Logging cookie names may be useful and is much more secure than logging the entire content of the cookies (which may include sensitive information). | [optional] 
**LogResponseCookieNames** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to log the names of any cookies set in an HTTP response. Logging cookie names may be useful and is much more secure than logging the entire content of the cookies (which may include sensitive information). | [optional] 
**LogRequestParameters** | Pointer to [**EnumlogPublisherLogRequestParametersProp**](EnumlogPublisherLogRequestParametersProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**LogRequestProtocol** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether request log messages should include information about the HTTP version specified in the request. | [optional] 
**SuppressedRequestParameterName** | Pointer to **[]string** | Specifies the case-insensitive names of request parameters that should be omitted from log messages (e.g., for the purpose of brevity or security). This will only be used if the log-request-parameters property has a value of parameter-names or parameter-names-and-values. | [optional] 
**LogRedirectURI** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the redirect URI (i.e., the value of the \&quot;Location\&quot; header from responses) should be included in response log messages. | [optional] 
**LoggedMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherLoggedMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherLoggedMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**IncludePDPResponse** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether policy decision messages recorded by this log publisher will include the full response returned by the PDP. | [optional] 
**PolicyMessageType** | Pointer to [**[]EnumlogPublisherPolicyMessageTypeProp**](EnumlogPublisherPolicyMessageTypeProp.md) |  | [optional] 
**ObscureSensitiveContent** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the resulting log file should attempt to obscure content that may be considered sensitive. This primarily includes the credentials for bind requests, the values of password modify extended requests and responses, and the values of any attributes specified in the obscure-attribute property. Note that the use of this option does not guarantee no sensitive information will be exposed, so the log output should still be carefully guarded. | [optional] 
**DebugACIEnabled** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to include debugging information about ACIs being used by the operations being logged. | [optional] 
**ScriptClass** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the Groovy class providing the logic for the Groovy Scripted HTTP Operation Log Publisher. | 
**ScriptArgument** | Pointer to **[]string** | The set of arguments used to customize the behavior for the Scripted HTTP Operation Log Publisher. Each configuration property should be given in the form &#39;name&#x3D;value&#39;. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewLogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner

`func NewLogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner(id string, schemas []EnumgroovyScriptedHttpOperationLogPublisherSchemaUrn, syslogExternalServer []string, syslogFacility EnumlogPublisherSyslogFacilityProp, syslogSeverity EnumlogPublisherSyslogSeverityProp, enabled bool, serverHostName string, serverPort int64, asynchronous bool, logFile string, logFilePermissions string, rotationPolicy []string, retentionPolicy []string, extensionClass string, server string, logFieldMapping string, logTableName string, defaultDebugLevel EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugLevelProp, scriptClass string, ) *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner`

NewLogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner instantiates a new LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewLogPublisherListResponseResourcesInnerWithDefaults

`func NewLogPublisherListResponseResourcesInnerWithDefaults() *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner`

NewLogPublisherListResponseResourcesInnerWithDefaults instantiates a new LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetSchemas

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSchemas() []EnumgroovyScriptedHttpOperationLogPublisherSchemaUrn`

GetSchemas returns the Schemas field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSchemasOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSchemasOk() (*[]EnumgroovyScriptedHttpOperationLogPublisherSchemaUrn, bool)`

GetSchemasOk returns a tuple with the Schemas field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSchemas

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSchemas(v []EnumgroovyScriptedHttpOperationLogPublisherSchemaUrn)`

SetSchemas sets Schemas field to given value.


### GetSyslogExternalServer

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogExternalServer() []string`

GetSyslogExternalServer returns the SyslogExternalServer field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSyslogExternalServerOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogExternalServerOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetSyslogExternalServerOk returns a tuple with the SyslogExternalServer field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSyslogExternalServer

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSyslogExternalServer(v []string)`

SetSyslogExternalServer sets SyslogExternalServer field to given value.


### GetSyslogFacility

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogFacility() EnumlogPublisherSyslogFacilityProp`

GetSyslogFacility returns the SyslogFacility field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSyslogFacilityOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogFacilityOk() (*EnumlogPublisherSyslogFacilityProp, bool)`

GetSyslogFacilityOk returns a tuple with the SyslogFacility field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSyslogFacility

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSyslogFacility(v EnumlogPublisherSyslogFacilityProp)`

SetSyslogFacility sets SyslogFacility field to given value.


### GetSyslogSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogSeverity() EnumlogPublisherSyslogSeverityProp`

GetSyslogSeverity returns the SyslogSeverity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSyslogSeverityOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogSeverityOk() (*EnumlogPublisherSyslogSeverityProp, bool)`

GetSyslogSeverityOk returns a tuple with the SyslogSeverity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSyslogSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSyslogSeverity(v EnumlogPublisherSyslogSeverityProp)`

SetSyslogSeverity sets SyslogSeverity field to given value.


### GetSyslogMessageHostName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogMessageHostName() string`

GetSyslogMessageHostName returns the SyslogMessageHostName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSyslogMessageHostNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogMessageHostNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSyslogMessageHostNameOk returns a tuple with the SyslogMessageHostName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSyslogMessageHostName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSyslogMessageHostName(v string)`

SetSyslogMessageHostName sets SyslogMessageHostName field to given value.

### HasSyslogMessageHostName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSyslogMessageHostName() bool`

HasSyslogMessageHostName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSyslogMessageApplicationName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogMessageApplicationName() string`

GetSyslogMessageApplicationName returns the SyslogMessageApplicationName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSyslogMessageApplicationNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSyslogMessageApplicationNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSyslogMessageApplicationNameOk returns a tuple with the SyslogMessageApplicationName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSyslogMessageApplicationName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSyslogMessageApplicationName(v string)`

SetSyslogMessageApplicationName sets SyslogMessageApplicationName field to given value.

### HasSyslogMessageApplicationName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSyslogMessageApplicationName() bool`

HasSyslogMessageApplicationName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQueueSize

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetQueueSize() int64`

GetQueueSize returns the QueueSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueueSizeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetQueueSizeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetQueueSizeOk returns a tuple with the QueueSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQueueSize

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetQueueSize(v int64)`

SetQueueSize sets QueueSize field to given value.

### HasQueueSize

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasQueueSize() bool`

HasQueueSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWriteMultiLineMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetWriteMultiLineMessages() bool`

GetWriteMultiLineMessages returns the WriteMultiLineMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWriteMultiLineMessagesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetWriteMultiLineMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetWriteMultiLineMessagesOk returns a tuple with the WriteMultiLineMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWriteMultiLineMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetWriteMultiLineMessages(v bool)`

SetWriteMultiLineMessages sets WriteMultiLineMessages field to given value.

### HasWriteMultiLineMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasWriteMultiLineMessages() bool`

HasWriteMultiLineMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUseReversibleForm

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetUseReversibleForm() bool`

GetUseReversibleForm returns the UseReversibleForm field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUseReversibleFormOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetUseReversibleFormOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetUseReversibleFormOk returns a tuple with the UseReversibleForm field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUseReversibleForm

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetUseReversibleForm(v bool)`

SetUseReversibleForm sets UseReversibleForm field to given value.

### HasUseReversibleForm

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasUseReversibleForm() bool`

HasUseReversibleForm returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior() EnumlogPublisherConsoleJsonAuditSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorProp`

GetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior returns the SoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorOk() (*EnumlogPublisherConsoleJsonAuditSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorProp, bool)`

GetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the SoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior(v EnumlogPublisherConsoleJsonAuditSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehaviorProp)`

SetSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior sets SoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior field to given value.

### HasSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior() bool`

HasSoftDeleteEntryAuditBehavior returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl() bool`

GetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl returns the IncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControlOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControlOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControlOk returns a tuple with the IncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl(v bool)`

SetIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl sets IncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl field to given value.

### HasIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl() bool`

HasIncludeOperationPurposeRequestControl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl() bool`

GetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl returns the IncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControlOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControlOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControlOk returns a tuple with the IncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl(v bool)`

SetIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl sets IncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl field to given value.

### HasIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl() bool`

HasIncludeIntermediateClientRequestControl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObscureAttribute

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetObscureAttribute() []string`

GetObscureAttribute returns the ObscureAttribute field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObscureAttributeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetObscureAttributeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetObscureAttributeOk returns a tuple with the ObscureAttribute field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObscureAttribute

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetObscureAttribute(v []string)`

SetObscureAttribute sets ObscureAttribute field to given value.

### HasObscureAttribute

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasObscureAttribute() bool`

HasObscureAttribute returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExcludeAttribute

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExcludeAttribute() []string`

GetExcludeAttribute returns the ExcludeAttribute field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExcludeAttributeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExcludeAttributeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExcludeAttributeOk returns a tuple with the ExcludeAttribute field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExcludeAttribute

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetExcludeAttribute(v []string)`

SetExcludeAttribute sets ExcludeAttribute field to given value.

### HasExcludeAttribute

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasExcludeAttribute() bool`

HasExcludeAttribute returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressInternalOperations() bool`

GetSuppressInternalOperations returns the SuppressInternalOperations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSuppressInternalOperationsOk returns a tuple with the SuppressInternalOperations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSuppressInternalOperations(v bool)`

SetSuppressInternalOperations sets SuppressInternalOperations field to given value.

### HasSuppressInternalOperations

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSuppressInternalOperations() bool`

HasSuppressInternalOperations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeProductName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeProductName() bool`

GetIncludeProductName returns the IncludeProductName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeProductNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeProductNameOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeProductNameOk returns a tuple with the IncludeProductName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeProductName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeProductName(v bool)`

SetIncludeProductName sets IncludeProductName field to given value.

### HasIncludeProductName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeProductName() bool`

HasIncludeProductName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeInstanceName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeInstanceName() bool`

GetIncludeInstanceName returns the IncludeInstanceName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeInstanceNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeInstanceNameOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeInstanceNameOk returns a tuple with the IncludeInstanceName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeInstanceName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeInstanceName(v bool)`

SetIncludeInstanceName sets IncludeInstanceName field to given value.

### HasIncludeInstanceName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeInstanceName() bool`

HasIncludeInstanceName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeStartupID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeStartupID() bool`

GetIncludeStartupID returns the IncludeStartupID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeStartupIDOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeStartupIDOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeStartupIDOk returns a tuple with the IncludeStartupID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeStartupID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeStartupID(v bool)`

SetIncludeStartupID sets IncludeStartupID field to given value.

### HasIncludeStartupID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeStartupID() bool`

HasIncludeStartupID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeThreadID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeThreadID() bool`

GetIncludeThreadID returns the IncludeThreadID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeThreadIDOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeThreadIDOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeThreadIDOk returns a tuple with the IncludeThreadID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeThreadID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeThreadID(v bool)`

SetIncludeThreadID sets IncludeThreadID field to given value.

### HasIncludeThreadID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeThreadID() bool`

HasIncludeThreadID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequesterDN

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequesterDN() bool`

GetIncludeRequesterDN returns the IncludeRequesterDN field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequesterDNOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequesterDNOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequesterDNOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequesterDN field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequesterDN

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequesterDN(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequesterDN sets IncludeRequesterDN field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequesterDN

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequesterDN() bool`

HasIncludeRequesterDN returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequesterIPAddress

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequesterIPAddress() bool`

GetIncludeRequesterIPAddress returns the IncludeRequesterIPAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequesterIPAddressOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequesterIPAddressOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequesterIPAddressOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequesterIPAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequesterIPAddress

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequesterIPAddress(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequesterIPAddress sets IncludeRequesterIPAddress field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequesterIPAddress

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequesterIPAddress() bool`

HasIncludeRequesterIPAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestControls

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestControls() bool`

GetIncludeRequestControls returns the IncludeRequestControls field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestControlsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestControlsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestControlsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestControls field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestControls

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequestControls(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestControls sets IncludeRequestControls field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestControls

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequestControls() bool`

HasIncludeRequestControls returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeResponseControls

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeResponseControls() bool`

GetIncludeResponseControls returns the IncludeResponseControls field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeResponseControlsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeResponseControlsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeResponseControlsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeResponseControls field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeResponseControls

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeResponseControls(v bool)`

SetIncludeResponseControls sets IncludeResponseControls field to given value.

### HasIncludeResponseControls

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeResponseControls() bool`

HasIncludeResponseControls returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeReplicationChangeID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeReplicationChangeID() bool`

GetIncludeReplicationChangeID returns the IncludeReplicationChangeID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeReplicationChangeIDOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeReplicationChangeIDOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeReplicationChangeIDOk returns a tuple with the IncludeReplicationChangeID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeReplicationChangeID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeReplicationChangeID(v bool)`

SetIncludeReplicationChangeID sets IncludeReplicationChangeID field to given value.

### HasIncludeReplicationChangeID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeReplicationChangeID() bool`

HasIncludeReplicationChangeID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogSecurityNegotiation() bool`

GetLogSecurityNegotiation returns the LogSecurityNegotiation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSecurityNegotiationOk returns a tuple with the LogSecurityNegotiation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogSecurityNegotiation(v bool)`

SetLogSecurityNegotiation sets LogSecurityNegotiation field to given value.

### HasLogSecurityNegotiation

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogSecurityNegotiation() bool`

HasLogSecurityNegotiation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressReplicationOperations() bool`

GetSuppressReplicationOperations returns the SuppressReplicationOperations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSuppressReplicationOperationsOk returns a tuple with the SuppressReplicationOperations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSuppressReplicationOperations(v bool)`

SetSuppressReplicationOperations sets SuppressReplicationOperations field to given value.

### HasSuppressReplicationOperations

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSuppressReplicationOperations() bool`

HasSuppressReplicationOperations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConnectionCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetConnectionCriteria() string`

GetConnectionCriteria returns the ConnectionCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionCriteriaOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetConnectionCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectionCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetConnectionCriteria(v string)`

SetConnectionCriteria sets ConnectionCriteria field to given value.

### HasConnectionCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasConnectionCriteria() bool`

HasConnectionCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRequestCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRequestCriteria() string`

GetRequestCriteria returns the RequestCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestCriteriaOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRequestCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRequestCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the RequestCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetRequestCriteria(v string)`

SetRequestCriteria sets RequestCriteria field to given value.

### HasRequestCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasRequestCriteria() bool`

HasRequestCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResultCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetResultCriteria() string`

GetResultCriteria returns the ResultCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResultCriteriaOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetResultCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResultCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the ResultCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResultCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetResultCriteria(v string)`

SetResultCriteria sets ResultCriteria field to given value.

### HasResultCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasResultCriteria() bool`

HasResultCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnabled

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetEnabled() bool`

GetEnabled returns the Enabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnabledOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEnabledOk returns a tuple with the Enabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnabled

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetEnabled(v bool)`

SetEnabled sets Enabled field to given value.


### GetLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLoggingErrorBehavior() EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp`

GetLoggingErrorBehavior returns the LoggingErrorBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk() (*EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp, bool)`

GetLoggingErrorBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the LoggingErrorBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLoggingErrorBehavior(v EnumlogPublisherLoggingErrorBehaviorProp)`

SetLoggingErrorBehavior sets LoggingErrorBehavior field to given value.

### HasLoggingErrorBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLoggingErrorBehavior() bool`

HasLoggingErrorBehavior returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMeta

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMeta() MetaMeta`

GetMeta returns the Meta field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetaOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMetaOk() (*MetaMeta, bool)`

GetMetaOk returns a tuple with the Meta field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMeta

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetMeta(v MetaMeta)`

SetMeta sets Meta field to given value.

### HasMeta

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasMeta() bool`

HasMeta returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok() (*MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20, bool)`

GetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20Ok returns a tuple with the Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20(v MetaUrnPingidentitySchemasConfigurationMessages20)`

SetUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 sets Urnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 field to given value.

### HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20() bool`

HasUrnpingidentityschemasconfigurationmessages20 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServerHostName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetServerHostName() string`

GetServerHostName returns the ServerHostName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServerHostNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetServerHostNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServerHostNameOk returns a tuple with the ServerHostName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServerHostName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetServerHostName(v string)`

SetServerHostName sets ServerHostName field to given value.


### GetServerPort

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetServerPort() int64`

GetServerPort returns the ServerPort field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServerPortOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetServerPortOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetServerPortOk returns a tuple with the ServerPort field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServerPort

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetServerPort(v int64)`

SetServerPort sets ServerPort field to given value.


### GetAutoFlush

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAutoFlush() bool`

GetAutoFlush returns the AutoFlush field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoFlushOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAutoFlushOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoFlushOk returns a tuple with the AutoFlush field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoFlush

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetAutoFlush(v bool)`

SetAutoFlush sets AutoFlush field to given value.

### HasAutoFlush

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasAutoFlush() bool`

HasAutoFlush returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAsynchronous

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAsynchronous() bool`

GetAsynchronous returns the Asynchronous field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAsynchronousOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAsynchronousOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAsynchronousOk returns a tuple with the Asynchronous field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAsynchronous

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetAsynchronous(v bool)`

SetAsynchronous sets Asynchronous field to given value.


### GetDefaultSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultSeverity() []EnumlogPublisherDefaultSeverityProp`

GetDefaultSeverity returns the DefaultSeverity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultSeverityOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultSeverityOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherDefaultSeverityProp, bool)`

GetDefaultSeverityOk returns a tuple with the DefaultSeverity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultSeverity(v []EnumlogPublisherDefaultSeverityProp)`

SetDefaultSeverity sets DefaultSeverity field to given value.

### HasDefaultSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDefaultSeverity() bool`

HasDefaultSeverity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOverrideSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetOverrideSeverity() []string`

GetOverrideSeverity returns the OverrideSeverity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOverrideSeverityOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetOverrideSeverityOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetOverrideSeverityOk returns a tuple with the OverrideSeverity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOverrideSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetOverrideSeverity(v []string)`

SetOverrideSeverity sets OverrideSeverity field to given value.

### HasOverrideSeverity

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasOverrideSeverity() bool`

HasOverrideSeverity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogFile

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFile() string`

GetLogFile returns the LogFile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFileOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFileOk returns a tuple with the LogFile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFile

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogFile(v string)`

SetLogFile sets LogFile field to given value.


### GetLogFilePermissions

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFilePermissions() string`

GetLogFilePermissions returns the LogFilePermissions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFilePermissionsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFilePermissionsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFilePermissionsOk returns a tuple with the LogFilePermissions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFilePermissions

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogFilePermissions(v string)`

SetLogFilePermissions sets LogFilePermissions field to given value.


### GetRotationPolicy

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRotationPolicy() []string`

GetRotationPolicy returns the RotationPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRotationPolicyOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRotationPolicyOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRotationPolicyOk returns a tuple with the RotationPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRotationPolicy

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetRotationPolicy(v []string)`

SetRotationPolicy sets RotationPolicy field to given value.


### GetRotationListener

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRotationListener() []string`

GetRotationListener returns the RotationListener field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRotationListenerOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRotationListenerOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRotationListenerOk returns a tuple with the RotationListener field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRotationListener

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetRotationListener(v []string)`

SetRotationListener sets RotationListener field to given value.

### HasRotationListener

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasRotationListener() bool`

HasRotationListener returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetentionPolicy

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRetentionPolicy() []string`

GetRetentionPolicy returns the RetentionPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetentionPolicyOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetRetentionPolicyOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRetentionPolicyOk returns a tuple with the RetentionPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetentionPolicy

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetRetentionPolicy(v []string)`

SetRetentionPolicy sets RetentionPolicy field to given value.


### GetCompressionMechanism

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetCompressionMechanism() EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp`

GetCompressionMechanism returns the CompressionMechanism field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompressionMechanismOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetCompressionMechanismOk() (*EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp, bool)`

GetCompressionMechanismOk returns a tuple with the CompressionMechanism field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompressionMechanism

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetCompressionMechanism(v EnumlogPublisherCompressionMechanismProp)`

SetCompressionMechanism sets CompressionMechanism field to given value.

### HasCompressionMechanism

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasCompressionMechanism() bool`

HasCompressionMechanism returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignLog

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSignLog() bool`

GetSignLog returns the SignLog field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignLogOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSignLogOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSignLogOk returns a tuple with the SignLog field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignLog

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSignLog(v bool)`

SetSignLog sets SignLog field to given value.

### HasSignLog

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSignLog() bool`

HasSignLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptLog

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetEncryptLog() bool`

GetEncryptLog returns the EncryptLog field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptLogOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetEncryptLogOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEncryptLogOk returns a tuple with the EncryptLog field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptLog

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetEncryptLog(v bool)`

SetEncryptLog sets EncryptLog field to given value.

### HasEncryptLog

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasEncryptLog() bool`

HasEncryptLog returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID() string`

GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID returns the EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionIDOk returns a tuple with the EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID(v string)`

SetEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID sets EncryptionSettingsDefinitionID field to given value.

### HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID() bool`

HasEncryptionSettingsDefinitionID returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppend

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAppend() bool`

GetAppend returns the Append field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppendOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAppendOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAppendOk returns a tuple with the Append field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppend

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetAppend(v bool)`

SetAppend sets Append field to given value.

### HasAppend

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasAppend() bool`

HasAppend returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtensionClass

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExtensionClass() string`

GetExtensionClass returns the ExtensionClass field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionClassOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExtensionClassOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExtensionClassOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionClass field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionClass

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetExtensionClass(v string)`

SetExtensionClass sets ExtensionClass field to given value.


### GetExtensionArgument

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExtensionArgument() []string`

GetExtensionArgument returns the ExtensionArgument field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionArgumentOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExtensionArgumentOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExtensionArgumentOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionArgument field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionArgument

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetExtensionArgument(v []string)`

SetExtensionArgument sets ExtensionArgument field to given value.

### HasExtensionArgument

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasExtensionArgument() bool`

HasExtensionArgument returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBufferSize

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetBufferSize() string`

GetBufferSize returns the BufferSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBufferSizeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetBufferSizeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBufferSizeOk returns a tuple with the BufferSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBufferSize

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetBufferSize(v string)`

SetBufferSize sets BufferSize field to given value.

### HasBufferSize

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasBufferSize() bool`

HasBufferSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimeInterval

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetTimeInterval() string`

GetTimeInterval returns the TimeInterval field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeIntervalOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetTimeIntervalOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimeIntervalOk returns a tuple with the TimeInterval field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimeInterval

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetTimeInterval(v string)`

SetTimeInterval sets TimeInterval field to given value.

### HasTimeInterval

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasTimeInterval() bool`

HasTimeInterval returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogConnects

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogConnects() bool`

GetLogConnects returns the LogConnects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogConnectsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogConnectsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogConnectsOk returns a tuple with the LogConnects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogConnects

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogConnects(v bool)`

SetLogConnects sets LogConnects field to given value.

### HasLogConnects

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogConnects() bool`

HasLogConnects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogDisconnects

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogDisconnects() bool`

GetLogDisconnects returns the LogDisconnects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogDisconnectsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogDisconnectsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogDisconnectsOk returns a tuple with the LogDisconnects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogDisconnects

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogDisconnects(v bool)`

SetLogDisconnects sets LogDisconnects field to given value.

### HasLogDisconnects

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogDisconnects() bool`

HasLogDisconnects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogClientCertificates

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogClientCertificates() bool`

GetLogClientCertificates returns the LogClientCertificates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogClientCertificatesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogClientCertificatesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogClientCertificatesOk returns a tuple with the LogClientCertificates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogClientCertificates

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogClientCertificates(v bool)`

SetLogClientCertificates sets LogClientCertificates field to given value.

### HasLogClientCertificates

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogClientCertificates() bool`

HasLogClientCertificates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequests

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequests() bool`

GetLogRequests returns the LogRequests field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRequestsOk returns a tuple with the LogRequests field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequests

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRequests(v bool)`

SetLogRequests sets LogRequests field to given value.

### HasLogRequests

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRequests() bool`

HasLogRequests returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogResults

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogResults() bool`

GetLogResults returns the LogResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogResultsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogResultsOk returns a tuple with the LogResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogResults

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogResults(v bool)`

SetLogResults sets LogResults field to given value.

### HasLogResults

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogResults() bool`

HasLogResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSearchEntries

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogSearchEntries() bool`

GetLogSearchEntries returns the LogSearchEntries field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSearchEntriesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogSearchEntriesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSearchEntriesOk returns a tuple with the LogSearchEntries field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSearchEntries

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogSearchEntries(v bool)`

SetLogSearchEntries sets LogSearchEntries field to given value.

### HasLogSearchEntries

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogSearchEntries() bool`

HasLogSearchEntries returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogSearchReferences

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogSearchReferences() bool`

GetLogSearchReferences returns the LogSearchReferences field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogSearchReferencesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogSearchReferencesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogSearchReferencesOk returns a tuple with the LogSearchReferences field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogSearchReferences

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogSearchReferences(v bool)`

SetLogSearchReferences sets LogSearchReferences field to given value.

### HasLogSearchReferences

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogSearchReferences() bool`

HasLogSearchReferences returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogIntermediateResponses() bool`

GetLogIntermediateResponses returns the LogIntermediateResponses field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogIntermediateResponsesOk returns a tuple with the LogIntermediateResponses field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogIntermediateResponses(v bool)`

SetLogIntermediateResponses sets LogIntermediateResponses field to given value.

### HasLogIntermediateResponses

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogIntermediateResponses() bool`

HasLogIntermediateResponses returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults() bool`

GetCorrelateRequestsAndResults returns the CorrelateRequestsAndResults field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetCorrelateRequestsAndResultsOk returns a tuple with the CorrelateRequestsAndResults field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults(v bool)`

SetCorrelateRequestsAndResults sets CorrelateRequestsAndResults field to given value.

### HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults() bool`

HasCorrelateRequestsAndResults returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSearchEntryCriteria() string`

GetSearchEntryCriteria returns the SearchEntryCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchEntryCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the SearchEntryCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSearchEntryCriteria(v string)`

SetSearchEntryCriteria sets SearchEntryCriteria field to given value.

### HasSearchEntryCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSearchEntryCriteria() bool`

HasSearchEntryCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSearchReferenceCriteria() string`

GetSearchReferenceCriteria returns the SearchReferenceCriteria field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSearchReferenceCriteriaOk returns a tuple with the SearchReferenceCriteria field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSearchReferenceCriteria(v string)`

SetSearchReferenceCriteria sets SearchReferenceCriteria field to given value.

### HasSearchReferenceCriteria

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSearchReferenceCriteria() bool`

HasSearchReferenceCriteria returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime() string`

GetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime returns the MinIncludedOperationProcessingTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTimeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTimeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTimeOk returns a tuple with the MinIncludedOperationProcessingTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime(v string)`

SetMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime sets MinIncludedOperationProcessingTime field to given value.

### HasMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime() bool`

HasMinIncludedOperationProcessingTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos() int64`

GetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos returns the MinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanosOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanosOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanosOk returns a tuple with the MinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos(v int64)`

SetMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos sets MinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos field to given value.

### HasMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos() bool`

HasMinIncludedPhaseTimeNanos returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxStringLength

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMaxStringLength() int64`

GetMaxStringLength returns the MaxStringLength field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxStringLengthOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetMaxStringLengthOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaxStringLengthOk returns a tuple with the MaxStringLength field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxStringLength

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetMaxStringLength(v int64)`

SetMaxStringLength sets MaxStringLength field to given value.

### HasMaxStringLength

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasMaxStringLength() bool`

HasMaxStringLength returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessagesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInResultMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogAssuranceCompleted() bool`

GetLogAssuranceCompleted returns the LogAssuranceCompleted field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogAssuranceCompletedOk returns a tuple with the LogAssuranceCompleted field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogAssuranceCompleted(v bool)`

SetLogAssuranceCompleted sets LogAssuranceCompleted field to given value.

### HasLogAssuranceCompleted

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogAssuranceCompleted() bool`

HasLogAssuranceCompleted returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessagesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchEntryMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessagesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInSearchReferenceMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages() bool`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages returns the IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessagesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessagesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessagesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages(v bool)`

SetIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages sets IncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages field to given value.

### HasIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages() bool`

HasIncludeRequestDetailsInIntermediateResponseMessages returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeResultCodeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeResultCodeNames() bool`

GetIncludeResultCodeNames returns the IncludeResultCodeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeResultCodeNamesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeResultCodeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeResultCodeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeResultCodeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeResultCodeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeResultCodeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeResultCodeNames sets IncludeResultCodeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeResultCodeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeResultCodeNames() bool`

HasIncludeResultCodeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails() bool`

GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails returns the IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetailsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetailsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetailsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails(v bool)`

SetIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails sets IncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails field to given value.

### HasIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails() bool`

HasIncludeExtendedSearchRequestDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeAddAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeAddAttributeNames() bool`

GetIncludeAddAttributeNames returns the IncludeAddAttributeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeAddAttributeNamesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeAddAttributeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeAddAttributeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeAddAttributeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeAddAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeAddAttributeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeAddAttributeNames sets IncludeAddAttributeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeAddAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeAddAttributeNames() bool`

HasIncludeAddAttributeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeModifyAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeModifyAttributeNames() bool`

GetIncludeModifyAttributeNames returns the IncludeModifyAttributeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeModifyAttributeNamesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeModifyAttributeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeModifyAttributeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeModifyAttributeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeModifyAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeModifyAttributeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeModifyAttributeNames sets IncludeModifyAttributeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeModifyAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeModifyAttributeNames() bool`

HasIncludeModifyAttributeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames() bool`

GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames returns the IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNamesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNamesOk returns a tuple with the IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames(v bool)`

SetIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames sets IncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames field to given value.

### HasIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames() bool`

HasIncludeSearchEntryAttributeNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible() bool`

GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible returns the GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossibleOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossibleOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossibleOk returns a tuple with the GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible(v bool)`

SetGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible sets GenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible field to given value.

### HasGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible() bool`

HasGenerifyMessageStringsWhenPossible returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogFieldBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFieldBehavior() string`

GetLogFieldBehavior returns the LogFieldBehavior field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFieldBehaviorOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFieldBehaviorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFieldBehaviorOk returns a tuple with the LogFieldBehavior field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFieldBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogFieldBehavior(v string)`

SetLogFieldBehavior sets LogFieldBehavior field to given value.

### HasLogFieldBehavior

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogFieldBehavior() bool`

HasLogFieldBehavior returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDebugMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDebugMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherDebugMessageTypeProp`

GetDebugMessageType returns the DebugMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDebugMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDebugMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherDebugMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetDebugMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the DebugMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDebugMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDebugMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherDebugMessageTypeProp)`

SetDebugMessageType sets DebugMessageType field to given value.

### HasDebugMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDebugMessageType() bool`

HasDebugMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHttpMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetHttpMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherHttpMessageTypeProp`

GetHttpMessageType returns the HttpMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHttpMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetHttpMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherHttpMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetHttpMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the HttpMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHttpMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetHttpMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherHttpMessageTypeProp)`

SetHttpMessageType sets HttpMessageType field to given value.

### HasHttpMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasHttpMessageType() bool`

HasHttpMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessTokenValidatorMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAccessTokenValidatorMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp`

GetAccessTokenValidatorMessageType returns the AccessTokenValidatorMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenValidatorMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenValidatorMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetAccessTokenValidatorMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherAccessTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp)`

SetAccessTokenValidatorMessageType sets AccessTokenValidatorMessageType field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenValidatorMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasAccessTokenValidatorMessageType() bool`

HasAccessTokenValidatorMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdTokenValidatorMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIdTokenValidatorMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp`

GetIdTokenValidatorMessageType returns the IdTokenValidatorMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the IdTokenValidatorMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdTokenValidatorMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIdTokenValidatorMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherIdTokenValidatorMessageTypeProp)`

SetIdTokenValidatorMessageType sets IdTokenValidatorMessageType field to given value.

### HasIdTokenValidatorMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIdTokenValidatorMessageType() bool`

HasIdTokenValidatorMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScimMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetScimMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherScimMessageTypeProp`

GetScimMessageType returns the ScimMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScimMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetScimMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherScimMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetScimMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the ScimMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScimMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetScimMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherScimMessageTypeProp)`

SetScimMessageType sets ScimMessageType field to given value.

### HasScimMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasScimMessageType() bool`

HasScimMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConsentMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetConsentMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherConsentMessageTypeProp`

GetConsentMessageType returns the ConsentMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConsentMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetConsentMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherConsentMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetConsentMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the ConsentMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConsentMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetConsentMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherConsentMessageTypeProp)`

SetConsentMessageType sets ConsentMessageType field to given value.

### HasConsentMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasConsentMessageType() bool`

HasConsentMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeProp`

GetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType returns the DirectoryRESTAPIMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the DirectoryRESTAPIMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherDirectoryRESTAPIMessageTypeProp)`

SetDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType sets DirectoryRESTAPIMessageType field to given value.

### HasDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType() bool`

HasDirectoryRESTAPIMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtensionMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExtensionMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherExtensionMessageTypeProp`

GetExtensionMessageType returns the ExtensionMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtensionMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExtensionMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherExtensionMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetExtensionMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the ExtensionMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtensionMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetExtensionMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherExtensionMessageTypeProp)`

SetExtensionMessageType sets ExtensionMessageType field to given value.

### HasExtensionMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasExtensionMessageType() bool`

HasExtensionMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludePathPattern

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludePathPattern() []string`

GetIncludePathPattern returns the IncludePathPattern field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludePathPatternOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludePathPatternOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetIncludePathPatternOk returns a tuple with the IncludePathPattern field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludePathPattern

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludePathPattern(v []string)`

SetIncludePathPattern sets IncludePathPattern field to given value.

### HasIncludePathPattern

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludePathPattern() bool`

HasIncludePathPattern returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExcludePathPattern

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExcludePathPattern() []string`

GetExcludePathPattern returns the ExcludePathPattern field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExcludePathPatternOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetExcludePathPatternOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExcludePathPatternOk returns a tuple with the ExcludePathPattern field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExcludePathPattern

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetExcludePathPattern(v []string)`

SetExcludePathPattern sets ExcludePathPattern field to given value.

### HasExcludePathPattern

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasExcludePathPattern() bool`

HasExcludePathPattern returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetServer

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetServer() string`

GetServer returns the Server field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServerOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetServerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServerOk returns a tuple with the Server field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServer

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetServer(v string)`

SetServer sets Server field to given value.


### GetLogFieldMapping

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFieldMapping() string`

GetLogFieldMapping returns the LogFieldMapping field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogFieldMappingOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogFieldMappingOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogFieldMappingOk returns a tuple with the LogFieldMapping field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogFieldMapping

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogFieldMapping(v string)`

SetLogFieldMapping sets LogFieldMapping field to given value.


### GetLogTableName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogTableName() string`

GetLogTableName returns the LogTableName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogTableNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogTableNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogTableNameOk returns a tuple with the LogTableName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogTableName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogTableName(v string)`

SetLogTableName sets LogTableName field to given value.


### GetOutputLocation

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetOutputLocation() EnumlogPublisherOutputLocationProp`

GetOutputLocation returns the OutputLocation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOutputLocationOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetOutputLocationOk() (*EnumlogPublisherOutputLocationProp, bool)`

GetOutputLocationOk returns a tuple with the OutputLocation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOutputLocation

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetOutputLocation(v EnumlogPublisherOutputLocationProp)`

SetOutputLocation sets OutputLocation field to given value.

### HasOutputLocation

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasOutputLocation() bool`

HasOutputLocation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimestampPrecision

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetTimestampPrecision() EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp`

GetTimestampPrecision returns the TimestampPrecision field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimestampPrecisionOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetTimestampPrecisionOk() (*EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp, bool)`

GetTimestampPrecisionOk returns a tuple with the TimestampPrecision field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimestampPrecision

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetTimestampPrecision(v EnumlogPublisherTimestampPrecisionProp)`

SetTimestampPrecision sets TimestampPrecision field to given value.

### HasTimestampPrecision

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasTimestampPrecision() bool`

HasTimestampPrecision returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDefaultDebugLevel

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultDebugLevel() EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugLevelProp`

GetDefaultDebugLevel returns the DefaultDebugLevel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultDebugLevelOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultDebugLevelOk() (*EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugLevelProp, bool)`

GetDefaultDebugLevelOk returns a tuple with the DefaultDebugLevel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultDebugLevel

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultDebugLevel(v EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugLevelProp)`

SetDefaultDebugLevel sets DefaultDebugLevel field to given value.


### GetDefaultDebugCategory

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultDebugCategory() []EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugCategoryProp`

GetDefaultDebugCategory returns the DefaultDebugCategory field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultDebugCategoryOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultDebugCategoryOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugCategoryProp, bool)`

GetDefaultDebugCategoryOk returns a tuple with the DefaultDebugCategory field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultDebugCategory

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultDebugCategory(v []EnumlogPublisherDefaultDebugCategoryProp)`

SetDefaultDebugCategory sets DefaultDebugCategory field to given value.

### HasDefaultDebugCategory

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDefaultDebugCategory() bool`

HasDefaultDebugCategory returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments() bool`

GetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments returns the DefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArgumentsOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArgumentsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArgumentsOk returns a tuple with the DefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments(v bool)`

SetDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments sets DefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments field to given value.

### HasDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments() bool`

HasDefaultOmitMethodEntryArguments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue() bool`

GetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue returns the DefaultOmitMethodReturnValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValueOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValueOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValueOk returns a tuple with the DefaultOmitMethodReturnValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue(v bool)`

SetDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue sets DefaultOmitMethodReturnValue field to given value.

### HasDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue() bool`

HasDefaultOmitMethodReturnValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDefaultIncludeThrowableCause

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultIncludeThrowableCause() bool`

GetDefaultIncludeThrowableCause returns the DefaultIncludeThrowableCause field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultIncludeThrowableCauseOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultIncludeThrowableCauseOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDefaultIncludeThrowableCauseOk returns a tuple with the DefaultIncludeThrowableCause field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultIncludeThrowableCause

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultIncludeThrowableCause(v bool)`

SetDefaultIncludeThrowableCause sets DefaultIncludeThrowableCause field to given value.

### HasDefaultIncludeThrowableCause

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDefaultIncludeThrowableCause() bool`

HasDefaultIncludeThrowableCause returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDefaultThrowableStackFrames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultThrowableStackFrames() int64`

GetDefaultThrowableStackFrames returns the DefaultThrowableStackFrames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDefaultThrowableStackFramesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDefaultThrowableStackFramesOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDefaultThrowableStackFramesOk returns a tuple with the DefaultThrowableStackFrames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDefaultThrowableStackFrames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDefaultThrowableStackFrames(v int64)`

SetDefaultThrowableStackFrames sets DefaultThrowableStackFrames field to given value.

### HasDefaultThrowableStackFrames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDefaultThrowableStackFrames() bool`

HasDefaultThrowableStackFrames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeSyncPipe

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeSyncPipe() []string`

GetIncludeSyncPipe returns the IncludeSyncPipe field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeSyncPipeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludeSyncPipeOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetIncludeSyncPipeOk returns a tuple with the IncludeSyncPipe field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeSyncPipe

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludeSyncPipe(v []string)`

SetIncludeSyncPipe sets IncludeSyncPipe field to given value.

### HasIncludeSyncPipe

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludeSyncPipe() bool`

HasIncludeSyncPipe returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequestHeaders

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestHeaders() EnumlogPublisherLogRequestHeadersProp`

GetLogRequestHeaders returns the LogRequestHeaders field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestHeadersOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestHeadersOk() (*EnumlogPublisherLogRequestHeadersProp, bool)`

GetLogRequestHeadersOk returns a tuple with the LogRequestHeaders field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequestHeaders

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRequestHeaders(v EnumlogPublisherLogRequestHeadersProp)`

SetLogRequestHeaders sets LogRequestHeaders field to given value.

### HasLogRequestHeaders

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRequestHeaders() bool`

HasLogRequestHeaders returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressedRequestHeaderName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressedRequestHeaderName() []string`

GetSuppressedRequestHeaderName returns the SuppressedRequestHeaderName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressedRequestHeaderNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressedRequestHeaderNameOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetSuppressedRequestHeaderNameOk returns a tuple with the SuppressedRequestHeaderName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressedRequestHeaderName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSuppressedRequestHeaderName(v []string)`

SetSuppressedRequestHeaderName sets SuppressedRequestHeaderName field to given value.

### HasSuppressedRequestHeaderName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSuppressedRequestHeaderName() bool`

HasSuppressedRequestHeaderName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogResponseHeaders

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogResponseHeaders() EnumlogPublisherLogResponseHeadersProp`

GetLogResponseHeaders returns the LogResponseHeaders field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogResponseHeadersOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogResponseHeadersOk() (*EnumlogPublisherLogResponseHeadersProp, bool)`

GetLogResponseHeadersOk returns a tuple with the LogResponseHeaders field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogResponseHeaders

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogResponseHeaders(v EnumlogPublisherLogResponseHeadersProp)`

SetLogResponseHeaders sets LogResponseHeaders field to given value.

### HasLogResponseHeaders

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogResponseHeaders() bool`

HasLogResponseHeaders returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressedResponseHeaderName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressedResponseHeaderName() []string`

GetSuppressedResponseHeaderName returns the SuppressedResponseHeaderName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressedResponseHeaderNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressedResponseHeaderNameOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetSuppressedResponseHeaderNameOk returns a tuple with the SuppressedResponseHeaderName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressedResponseHeaderName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSuppressedResponseHeaderName(v []string)`

SetSuppressedResponseHeaderName sets SuppressedResponseHeaderName field to given value.

### HasSuppressedResponseHeaderName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSuppressedResponseHeaderName() bool`

HasSuppressedResponseHeaderName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequestAuthorizationType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestAuthorizationType() bool`

GetLogRequestAuthorizationType returns the LogRequestAuthorizationType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestAuthorizationTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestAuthorizationTypeOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRequestAuthorizationTypeOk returns a tuple with the LogRequestAuthorizationType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequestAuthorizationType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRequestAuthorizationType(v bool)`

SetLogRequestAuthorizationType sets LogRequestAuthorizationType field to given value.

### HasLogRequestAuthorizationType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRequestAuthorizationType() bool`

HasLogRequestAuthorizationType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequestCookieNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestCookieNames() bool`

GetLogRequestCookieNames returns the LogRequestCookieNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestCookieNamesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestCookieNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRequestCookieNamesOk returns a tuple with the LogRequestCookieNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequestCookieNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRequestCookieNames(v bool)`

SetLogRequestCookieNames sets LogRequestCookieNames field to given value.

### HasLogRequestCookieNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRequestCookieNames() bool`

HasLogRequestCookieNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogResponseCookieNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogResponseCookieNames() bool`

GetLogResponseCookieNames returns the LogResponseCookieNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogResponseCookieNamesOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogResponseCookieNamesOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogResponseCookieNamesOk returns a tuple with the LogResponseCookieNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogResponseCookieNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogResponseCookieNames(v bool)`

SetLogResponseCookieNames sets LogResponseCookieNames field to given value.

### HasLogResponseCookieNames

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogResponseCookieNames() bool`

HasLogResponseCookieNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequestParameters

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestParameters() EnumlogPublisherLogRequestParametersProp`

GetLogRequestParameters returns the LogRequestParameters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestParametersOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestParametersOk() (*EnumlogPublisherLogRequestParametersProp, bool)`

GetLogRequestParametersOk returns a tuple with the LogRequestParameters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequestParameters

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRequestParameters(v EnumlogPublisherLogRequestParametersProp)`

SetLogRequestParameters sets LogRequestParameters field to given value.

### HasLogRequestParameters

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRequestParameters() bool`

HasLogRequestParameters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRequestProtocol

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestProtocol() bool`

GetLogRequestProtocol returns the LogRequestProtocol field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRequestProtocolOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRequestProtocolOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRequestProtocolOk returns a tuple with the LogRequestProtocol field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRequestProtocol

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRequestProtocol(v bool)`

SetLogRequestProtocol sets LogRequestProtocol field to given value.

### HasLogRequestProtocol

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRequestProtocol() bool`

HasLogRequestProtocol returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppressedRequestParameterName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressedRequestParameterName() []string`

GetSuppressedRequestParameterName returns the SuppressedRequestParameterName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppressedRequestParameterNameOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetSuppressedRequestParameterNameOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetSuppressedRequestParameterNameOk returns a tuple with the SuppressedRequestParameterName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppressedRequestParameterName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetSuppressedRequestParameterName(v []string)`

SetSuppressedRequestParameterName sets SuppressedRequestParameterName field to given value.

### HasSuppressedRequestParameterName

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasSuppressedRequestParameterName() bool`

HasSuppressedRequestParameterName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogRedirectURI

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRedirectURI() bool`

GetLogRedirectURI returns the LogRedirectURI field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogRedirectURIOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLogRedirectURIOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetLogRedirectURIOk returns a tuple with the LogRedirectURI field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogRedirectURI

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLogRedirectURI(v bool)`

SetLogRedirectURI sets LogRedirectURI field to given value.

### HasLogRedirectURI

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLogRedirectURI() bool`

HasLogRedirectURI returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLoggedMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLoggedMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherLoggedMessageTypeProp`

GetLoggedMessageType returns the LoggedMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLoggedMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetLoggedMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherLoggedMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetLoggedMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the LoggedMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLoggedMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetLoggedMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherLoggedMessageTypeProp)`

SetLoggedMessageType sets LoggedMessageType field to given value.

### HasLoggedMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasLoggedMessageType() bool`

HasLoggedMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludePDPResponse

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludePDPResponse() bool`

GetIncludePDPResponse returns the IncludePDPResponse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludePDPResponseOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetIncludePDPResponseOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludePDPResponseOk returns a tuple with the IncludePDPResponse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludePDPResponse

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetIncludePDPResponse(v bool)`

SetIncludePDPResponse sets IncludePDPResponse field to given value.

### HasIncludePDPResponse

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasIncludePDPResponse() bool`

HasIncludePDPResponse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPolicyMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetPolicyMessageType() []EnumlogPublisherPolicyMessageTypeProp`

GetPolicyMessageType returns the PolicyMessageType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPolicyMessageTypeOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetPolicyMessageTypeOk() (*[]EnumlogPublisherPolicyMessageTypeProp, bool)`

GetPolicyMessageTypeOk returns a tuple with the PolicyMessageType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPolicyMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetPolicyMessageType(v []EnumlogPublisherPolicyMessageTypeProp)`

SetPolicyMessageType sets PolicyMessageType field to given value.

### HasPolicyMessageType

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasPolicyMessageType() bool`

HasPolicyMessageType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObscureSensitiveContent

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetObscureSensitiveContent() bool`

GetObscureSensitiveContent returns the ObscureSensitiveContent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObscureSensitiveContentOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetObscureSensitiveContentOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetObscureSensitiveContentOk returns a tuple with the ObscureSensitiveContent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObscureSensitiveContent

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetObscureSensitiveContent(v bool)`

SetObscureSensitiveContent sets ObscureSensitiveContent field to given value.

### HasObscureSensitiveContent

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasObscureSensitiveContent() bool`

HasObscureSensitiveContent returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDebugACIEnabled

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDebugACIEnabled() bool`

GetDebugACIEnabled returns the DebugACIEnabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDebugACIEnabledOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetDebugACIEnabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetDebugACIEnabledOk returns a tuple with the DebugACIEnabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDebugACIEnabled

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetDebugACIEnabled(v bool)`

SetDebugACIEnabled sets DebugACIEnabled field to given value.

### HasDebugACIEnabled

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasDebugACIEnabled() bool`

HasDebugACIEnabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScriptClass

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetScriptClass() string`

GetScriptClass returns the ScriptClass field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScriptClassOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetScriptClassOk() (*string, bool)`

GetScriptClassOk returns a tuple with the ScriptClass field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScriptClass

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetScriptClass(v string)`

SetScriptClass sets ScriptClass field to given value.


### GetScriptArgument

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetScriptArgument() []string`

GetScriptArgument returns the ScriptArgument field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScriptArgumentOk

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) GetScriptArgumentOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetScriptArgumentOk returns a tuple with the ScriptArgument field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScriptArgument

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) SetScriptArgument(v []string)`

SetScriptArgument sets ScriptArgument field to given value.

### HasScriptArgument

`func (o *LogPublisherListResponseResourcesInner) HasScriptArgument() bool`

HasScriptArgument returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


